aaosarxi	Dothide1	Aaosphaeria arxii              	F_As	Pleosporales -
acancast	acancast	Acanthamoeba castellanii       	O_Am	Longamoebia -
acanchlo	Tetrapod	Acanthisitta chloris           	M_Av	Passeriformes Acanthisittidae
acanvite	NematodO	Acanthocheilonema viteae       	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
acidrich	Dothide1	Acidomyces richmondensis       	F_As	- -
acinjuba	Tetrapod	Acinonyx jubatus               	M_Mm	Carnivora Felidae
acrealca	Sordari3	Acremonium alcalophilum        	F_As	- -
acrestri	Dothide1	Acremonium strictum            	F_As	- -
acrodigi	ChordatC	Acropora digitifera            	M_Cn	Scleractinia Acroporidae
acroechi	Echinode	Acromyrmex echinatior          	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
acyrpisu	InsectCl	Acyrthosiphon pisum            	M_In	Hemiptera Aphididae
acytsubg	acytsubg	Acytostelium subglobosum       	O_Am	Dictyosteliida -
aedeaegy	aedeaegy	Aedes aegypti                  	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
agarbisp	Dothide1	Agaricus bisporus              	F_Ba	Agaricales Agaricaceae
agarhyph	Sordari1	Agaricostilbum hyphaenes       	F_Ba	Agaricostilbales Agaricostilbaceae
agriplan	InsectCo	Agrilus planipennis            	M_In	Coleoptera Buprestidae
ailumela	Tetrapod	Ailuropoda melanoleuca         	M_Mm	Carnivora Ursidae
albucand	Albugina	Albugo candida                 	O_St	Albuginales Albuginaceae
albulaib	Albugina	Albugo laibachii               	O_St	Albuginales Albuginaceae
allimiss	Tetrapod	Alligator mississippiensis     	M_Rp	Crocodylia Alligatoridae
allisine	Tetrapod	Alligator sinensis             	M_Rp	Crocodylia Alligatoridae
allomacr	Blastocl	Allomyces macrogynus           	F_Bl	Blastocladiales Blastocladiaceae
altealte	Dothide1	Alternaria alternata           	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
altebras	Dothide1	Alternaria brassicicola        	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
amanmusc	Dothide1	Amanita muscaria               	F_Ba	Agaricales Amanitaceae
amanthie	Dothide1	Amanita thiersii               	F_Ba	Agaricales Amanitaceae
amarhypo	Angiosp 	Amaranthus hypochondriacus     	P_Eu	Caryophyllales Amaranthaceae
ambotric	Angiosp 	Amborella trichopoda           	P_Am	Amborellales Amborellaceae
amnilign	Dothide1	Amniculicola lignicola         	F_As	Pleosporales Amniculicolaceae
amorresi	Dothide1	Amorphotheca resinae           	F_As	- Myxotrichaceae
amphquee	amphquee	Amphimedon queenslandica       	M_Po	Haplosclerida Niphatidae
amyetran	Mollusca	Amyelois transitella           	M_In	Lepidoptera Pyralidae
anancomo	Angiosp 	Ananas comosus                 	P_Mo	Poales Bromeliaceae
anasplat	Tetrapod	Anas platyrhynchos             	M_Av	Anseriformes Anatidae
ancycani	NematodN	Ancylostoma caninum            	M_Ne	Rhabditida Ancylostomatidae
ancyceyl	NematodN	Ancylostoma ceylanicum         	M_Ne	Rhabditida Ancylostomatidae
ancyduod	NematodN	Ancylostoma duodenale          	M_Ne	Rhabditida Ancylostomatidae
angicant	NematodN	Angiostrongylus cantonensis    	M_Ne	Rhabditida Angiostrongylidae
angicost	NematodN	Angiostrongylus costaricensis  	M_Ne	Rhabditida Angiostrongylidae
angodean	Archamoe	Angomonas deanei               	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
anissimp	NematodO	Anisakis simplex               	M_Ne	Ascaridida Anisakidae
anolcaro	Tetrapod	Anolis carolinensis            	M_Rp	Squamata Iguanidae
anopalbi	InsectAg	Anopheles albimanus            	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anoparab	InsectAg	Anopheles arabiensis           	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopatro	InsectAg	Anopheles atroparvus           	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopchri	InsectAg	Anopheles christyi             	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopcolu	InsectAg	Anopheles coluzzii             	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopdarl	InsectAn	Anopheles darlingi             	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopdiru	InsectAg	Anopheles dirus                	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopepir	InsectAg	Anopheles epiroticus           	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopfara	InsectAg	Anopheles farauti              	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopfune	InsectAg	Anopheles funestus             	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopgamb	InsectAn	Anopheles gambiae              	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopglab	InsectCo	Anoplophora glabripennis       	M_In	Coleoptera Cerambycidae
anopkoli	InsectAg	Anopheles koliensis            	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopmacu	InsectAg	Anopheles maculatus            	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopmela	InsectAg	Anopheles melas                	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopmeru	InsectAg	Anopheles merus                	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopmini	InsectAg	Anopheles minimus              	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopnili	InsectAg	Anopheles nili                 	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anoppunc	InsectAg	Anopheles punctulatus          	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopquad	InsectAg	Anopheles quadriannulatus      	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopsine	InsectAn	Anopheles sinensis             	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
anopstep	InsectAg	Anopheles stephensi            	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
ansecygn	Tetrapod	Anser cygnoides                	M_Av	Anseriformes Anatidae
anthavoc	Dothide1	Anthostoma avocetta            	F_As	Xylariales Diatrypaceae
antolocu	FungiAll	Antonospora locustae           	F_Mi	- -
antrsinu	Dothide1	Antrodia sinuosa               	F_Ba	Polyporales Fomitopsidaceae
aotunanc	Tetrapod	Aotus nancymaae                	M_Mm	Fabales Fabaceae
apalvitt	Tetrapod	Apaloderma vittatum            	M_Av	Trogoniformes Trogonidae
aphaasta	aphaasta	Aphanomyces astaci             	O_St	Saprolegniales Saprolegniaceae
aphainva	Saproleg	Aphanomyces invadans           	O_St	Saprolegniales Saprolegniaceae
apiomont	Dothide1	Apiospora montagnei            	F_As	Xylariales Apiosporaceae
apisdors	InsectAp	Apis dorsata                   	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
apisflor	InsectAp	Apis florea                    	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
apismell	InsectAp	Apis mellifera                 	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
aplakerg	Cyanidia	Aplanochytrium kerguelense     	O_St	- Thraustochytriaceae
aploprun	Dothide1	Aplosporella prunicola         	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Aplosporellaceae
aplycali	ChordatU	Aplysia californica            	M_Mo	- Aplysiidae
aporcary	Sordari1	Aporpium caryae                	F_Ba	Auriculariales Aporpiaceae
apteaust	Tetrapod	Apteryx australis              	M_Av	Apterygiformes Apterygidae
aptefors	Tetrapod	Aptenodytes forsteri           	M_Av	Sphenisciformes Spheniscidae
aquichry	Tetrapod	Aquila chrysaetos              	M_Av	Falconiformes Accipitridae
aquicoer	Angiosp 	Aquilegia coerulea             	P_Eu	Ranunculales Ranunculaceae
arabhall	Angiosp 	Arabidopsis halleri            	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
arablyra	Angiosp 	Arabidopsis lyrata             	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
arabthal	Angiosp 	Arabidopsis thaliana           	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
aracdura	Angiosp 	Arachis duranensis             	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
armigall	Dothide1	Armillaria gallica             	F_Ba	Agaricales Physalacriaceae
armimell	Dothide1	Armillaria mellea              	F_Ba	Agaricales Physalacriaceae
arthbenh	Dothide1	Arthroderma benhamiae          	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
artholig	Dothide1	Arthrobotrys oligospora        	F_As	Orbiliales Orbiliaceae
artoeleg	Sordari1	Artolenzites elegans           	F_Ba	 
ascalumb	NematodA	Ascaris lumbricoides           	M_Ne	Ascaridida Ascarididae
ascasuum	NematodA	Ascaris suum                   	M_Ne	Ascaridida Ascarididae
ascoimme	Dothide1	Ascobolus immersus             	F_As	Pezizales Ascobolaceae
asconigr	Dothide1	Ascodesmis nigricans           	F_As	Pezizales Ascodesmidaceae
ascorube	Sacchar2	Ascoidea rubescens             	F_As	Arthropoda Arachnida
ascosarc	Dothide1	Ascocoryne sarcoides           	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
ashbgoss	Saccharo	Ashbya gossypii                	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
aspeacid	Dothide1	Aspergillus acidus             	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeacul	Dothide1	Aspergillus aculeatus          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspebras	Dothide1	Aspergillus brasiliensis       	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspecamp	Dothide1	Aspergillus campestris         	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspecarb	Dothide1	Aspergillus carbonarius        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeclav	Dothide1	Aspergillus clavatus           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeflav	Dothide1	Aspergillus flavus             	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspefumi	Dothide1	Aspergillus fumigatus          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeglau	Dothide1	Aspergillus glaucus            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspekawa	Dothide1	Aspergillus kawachii           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspenidu	Dothide1	Aspergillus nidulans           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspenige	Dothide1	Aspergillus niger              	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspenovo	Dothide1	Aspergillus novofumigatus      	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeochr	Dothide1	Aspergillus ochraceoroseus     	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeoryz	Dothide1	Aspergillus oryzae             	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspestey	Dothide1	Aspergillus steynii            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspesydo	Dothide1	Aspergillus sydowii            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspeterr	Dothide1	Aspergillus terreus            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspetubi	Dothide1	Aspergillus tubingensis        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspevers	Dothide1	Aspergillus versicolor         	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspewent	Dothide1	Aspergillus wentii             	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
aspezona	Dothide1	Aspergillus zonatus            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
astespec	astespec	Asterochloris spec_Cgr/DA1pho  	P_Ch	Microthamniales -
astymexi	Tetrapod	Astyanax mexicanus             	M_Fs	Characiformes Characidae
atharosa	InsectAg	Athalia rosae                  	M_In	Hymenoptera Tenthredinidae
atraspec	Agarico1	Atractiellales spec            	F_Ba	Basidiomycota Atractiellomycetes
attaceph	Echinode	Atta cephalotes                	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
aulohede	Dothide1	Aulographum hederae            	F_As	- Aulographaceae
auralima	auralima	Aurantiochytrium limacinum     	O_St	- Thraustochytriaceae
aureanop	aureanop	Aureococcus anophagefferens    	O_St	Pelagomonadales -
aurepull	Dothide1	Aureobasidium pulm_lulans      	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
aurepulm	Dothide2	Aureobasidium pulm_lulans      	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
aurepuln	Dothide2	Aureobasidium puln_lulans      	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
aurepulp	Dothide2	Aureobasidium pulp_lulans      	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
aurepuls	Dothide2	Aureobasidium puls_lulans      	F_As	Dothideales Aureobasidiaceae
aurideli	Agarico1	Auricularia delicata           	F_Ba	Auriculariales Auriculariaceae
aurisubg	Sordari1	Auricularia subglabra          	F_Ba	Auriculariales Auriculariaceae
aurivulg	Sordari1	Auriscalpium vulgare           	F_Ba	Russulales Auriscalpiaceae
austlimn	Fish_mdl	Austrofundulus limnaeus        	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes -
auxeprot	Chlospec	Auxenochlorella protothecoides 	P_Ch	Chlorellales Chlorellaceae
babebige	Babesia 	Babesia bigemina               	O_Al	- Babesiidae
babebovi	Babesia 	Babesia bovis                  	O_Al	- Babesiidae
babeequi	Babesia 	Babesia equi                   	O_Al	- Babesiidae
babemicr	babemicr	Babesia microti                	O_Al	- Babesiidae
babjinos	Saccharo	Babjeviella inositovor         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
backcirc	Mucoral2	Backusella circina             	F_Fu	Mucorales Backusellaceae
bactcucu	InsectMd	Bactrocera cucurbitae          	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
bactdors	InsectMd	Bactrocera dorsalis            	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
bactolea	InsectMd	Bactrocera oleae               	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
bacttryo	InsectMd	Bactrocera tryoni              	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
balaacut	Tetrapod	Balaenoptera acutorostrata     	M_Mm	Cetacea Balaenopteridae
baleregu	Tetrapod	Balearica regulorum            	M_Av	Gruiformes Gruidae
batrdend	batrdend	Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis 	F_Ch	Rhizophydiales -
baudcomp	Dothide1	Baudoinia compniacensis        	F_As	Capnodiales Teratosphaeriaceae
beaubass	Dothide1	Beauveria bassiana             	F_As	Hypocreales Cordycipitaceae
belganta	InsectMd	Belgica antarctica             	M_In	Diptera Chironomidae
betavulg	Angiosp 	Beta vulgaris                  	P_Eu	Orthoptera Acrididae
bigenata	bigenata	Bigelowiella natans            	O_Rh	- -
bimunova	Dothide1	Bimuria novae-zelandiae        	F_As	Pleosporales Didymosphaeriaceae
biomglab	InsectBm	Biomphalaria glabrata          	M_Mo	- Planorbidae
bisobiso	Tetrapod	Bison bison                    	M_Mm	- Bovidae
bjeradus	Sordari1	Bjerkandera adusta             	F_Ba	Polyporales Meruliaceae
blasaden	Trichomo	Blastobotrys adeninivorans     	F_As	Saccharomycetales Trichomonascaceae
blasderm	Dothide1	Blastomyces dermatitidis       	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
blashomi	Blastocy	Blastocystis hominis           	O_St	- -
blasspec	Blastocy	Blastocystis sp                	O_St	- -
blatgerm	blatgerm	Blattella germanica            	M_In	Blattodea Ectobiidae
blumgram	Leotiomy	Blumeria graminis              	F_As	Erysiphales Erysiphaceae
boecstri	Angiosp 	Boechera stricta               	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
boleedul	Dothide1	Boletus edulis                 	F_Ba	Boletales Boletaceae
bombimpa	InsectAg	Bombus impatiens               	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
bombmori	Mollusca	Bombyx mori                    	M_In	Lepidoptera Bombycidae
bombterr	InsectAg	Bombus terrestris              	M_In	Hymenoptera Apidae
bos_mutu	Tetrapod	Bos mutus                      	M_Mm	- Bovidae
bos_taur	Tetrapod	Bos taurus                     	M_Mm	- Bovidae
botrbotr	Dothide1	Botryobasidium botryosum       	F_Ba	Cantharellales Botryobasidiaceae
botrcinb	Dothide1	Botrytis cinb0510              	F_As	Helotiales Sclerotiniaceae
botrcine	Dothide1	Botrytis cinerea               	F_As	Helotiales Sclerotiniaceae
botrcint	Dothide1	Botrytis cint4                 	F_As	Helotiales Sclerotiniaceae
botrdoth	Dothide1	Botryosphaeria dothidea        	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Botryosphaeriaceae
botrfuck	Dothide1	Botryotinia fuckeliana         	F_As	Helotiales Sclerotiniaceae
bracdist	Angiosp 	Brachypodium distachyon        	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
bracstac	Angiosp 	Brachypodium stacei            	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
branflor	ChordatC	Branchiostoma floridae         	M_Ch	- Branchiostomidae
brasnapu	Angiosp 	Brassica napus                 	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
brasoler	Angiosp 	Brassica oleracea              	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
brasrapa	Angiosp 	Brassica rapa                  	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
brugmala	NematodO	Brugia malayi                  	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
brugpaha	NematodO	Brugia pahangi                 	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
brugtimo	NematodO	Brugia timori                  	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
bubabuba	Tetrapod	Bubalus bubalis                	M_Mm	- Bovidae
bucerhin	Tetrapod	Buceros rhinoceros             	M_Av	Bucerotiformes Bucerotidae
bursxylo	bursxylo	Bursaphelenchus xylophilus     	M_Ne	Tylenchida Aphelenchoididae
bysscirc	Dothide1	Byssothecium circinans         	F_As	Pleosporales Massarinaceae
cadospec	Dothide1	Cadophora spec                 	F_As	Helotiales -
caenanga	NematodC	Caenorhabditis angaria         	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caenbren	NematodC	Caenorhabditis brenneri        	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caenbrig	NematodC	Caenorhabditis briggsae        	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caeneleg	NematodC	Caenorhabditis elegans         	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caenjapo	NematodC	Caenorhabditis japonica        	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caenrema	NematodC	Caenorhabditis remanei         	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
caentrop	NematodC	Caenorhabditis tropicalis      	M_Ne	Rhabditida Rhabditidae
cajacaja	Angiosp 	Cajanus cajan                  	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
caliorie	Dothide1	Caliciopsis orientalis         	F_As	Coryneliales Coryneliaceae
calipugn	Tetrapod	Calidris pugnax                	M_Av	Charadriiformes Scolopacidae
calljacc	Tetrapod	Callithrix jacchus             	M_Mm	Primates Cebidae
callmili	Tetrapod	Callorhinchus milii            	M_Ch	Chimaeriformes Callorhinchidae
calocorn	Sordari1	Calocera cornea                	F_Ba	Dacrymycetales Dacrymycetaceae
calopulc	Dothide1	Calosphaeria pulchella         	F_As	Calosphaeriales Calosphaeriaceae
calovisc	Sordari1	Calocera viscosa               	F_Ba	Dacrymycetales Dacrymycetaceae
calyanna	Tetrapod	Calypte anna                   	M_Av	Trochiliformes Trochilidae
camebact	Tetrapod	Camelus bactrianus             	M_Mm	- Camelidae
camedrom	Tetrapod	Camelus dromedarius            	M_Mm	- Camelidae
cameferu	Tetrapod	Camelus ferus                  	M_Mm	- Camelidae
camesati	Angiosp 	Camelina sativa                	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
camesine	Angiosp 	Camellia sinensis              	P_Eu	Ericales Theaceae
campflor	Echinode	Camponotus floridanus          	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
candalbi	CandidaA	Candida albicans               	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candarab	Sacchar2	Candida arabinofermentans      	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candcase	Saccharo	Candida caseinolytica          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
canddubl	Saccharo	Candida dubliniensis           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candglab	Saccharo	Candida glabrata               	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candguil	Saccharo	Candida guilliermondii         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candlusi	Saccharo	Candida lusitaniae             	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candtanz	candtanz	Candida tanzawaensis           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candtenu	Saccharo	Candida tenuis                 	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
candtrop	Saccharo	Candida tropicalis             	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
canifami	Tetrapod	Canis familiaris               	M_Mm	Carnivora Canidae
canilupu	Tetrapod	Canis lupus                    	M_Mm	Carnivora Canidae
cannsati	Angiosp 	Cannabis sativa                	P_Eu	Rosales Cannabaceae
capitele	capitele	Capitella teleta               	M_An	Capitellida Capitellidae
caprcaro	Tetrapod	Caprimulgus carolinensis       	M_Av	Caprimulgiformes Caprimulgidae
caprhirc	Tetrapod	Capra hircus                   	M_Mm	- Bovidae
capsannu	Angiosp 	Capsicum annuum                	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
capsgran	Angiosp 	Capsella grandiflora           	P_Eu	Veneroida Donacidae
capsowcz	Oomycete	Capsaspora owczarzaki          	O_Op	- -
capsrube	Angiosp 	Capsella rubella               	P_Eu	Veneroida Donacidae
caricris	Tetrapod	Cariama cristata               	M_Av	Gruiformes Cariamidae
caripapa	Angiosp 	Carica papaya                  	P_Eu	Brassicales Caricaceae
cataaqui	InsectGn	Catajapyx aquilonaris          	M_In	Diplura Japygidae
cateangu	Blastocl	Catenaria anguillulae          	F_Bl	Blastocladiales Catenariaceae
caviporc	Tetrapod	Cavia porcellus                	M_Mm	Rodentia Caviidae
cenogeop	Dothide1	Cenococcum geophilum           	F_As	- Gloniaceae
cephalbi	Sacchar1	Cephaloascus albidus           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Cephaloascaceae
cephcinc	InsectAg	Cephus cinctus                 	M_In	Hymenoptera Cephidae
cephfrag	Sacchar1	Cephaloascus fragrans          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Cephaloascaceae
cerabiro	Echinode	Cerapachys biroi               	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
ceracapi	InsectMd	Ceratitis capitata             	M_In	Diptera Tephritidae
cerasimu	Tetrapod	Ceratotherium simum            	M_Mm	Perissodactyla Rhinocerotidae
cerasolm	Echinode	Ceratosolen solmsi             	M_In	Hymenoptera Agaonidae
cercatys	Tetrapod	Cercocebus atys                	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
cerczeae	Dothide1	Cercospora zeaemaydis          	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
cerisubv	Sordari1	Ceriporiopsis subvermispora    	F_Ba	Polyporales Meruliaceae
cerrunic	Dothide1	Cerrena unicolor               	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
chaeglob	Dothide1	Chaetomium globosum            	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
chaepela	Tetrapod	Chaetura pelagica              	M_Av	Apodiformes Apodidae
challong	Dothide1	Chalara longipes               	F_As	Helotiales -
charvoci	Tetrapod	Charadrius vociferus           	M_Av	Charadriiformes Charadriidae
chelmyda	Tetrapod	Chelonia mydas                 	M_Rp	Testudines Cheloniidae
chenquin	Angiosp 	Chenopodium quinoa             	P_Eu	Caryophyllales Chenopodiaceae
chilsupp	Echinode	Chilo suppressalis             	M_In	Lepidoptera Crambidae
chinlani	Tetrapod	Chinchilla lanigera            	M_Mm	Rodentia Chinchillidae
chioapob	chioapob	Chionosphaera apobasidialis    	F_Ba	Agaricostilbales Chionosphaeraceae
chirtent	chirtent	Chironomus tentans             	M_In	Diptera Chironomidae
chlamacq	Tetrapod	Chlamydotis macqueenii         	M_Av	Gruiformes Otididae
chlarein	Chlospec	Chlamydomonas reinhardtii      	P_Ch	Chlamydomonadales Chlamydomonadaceae
chlosaba	Tetrapod	Chlorocebus sabaeus            	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
chlovari	Chlospec	Chlorella variabilis_NC64A     	P_Ch	Prasiolales -
chlovulg	Chlospec	Chlorella vulgaris             	P_Ch	Prasiolales -
choiveno	Dothide1	Choiromyces venosus            	F_As	Pezizales Tuberaceae
cholfoff	Tetrapod	Choloepus hoffmanni            	M_Mm	Pilosa Megalonychidae
choncris	Oomycete	Chondrus crispus               	O_Rh	Gigartinales Gigartinaceae
chromeso	Chroomon	Chroomonas mesostigmatica      	O_Cr	Pyrenomonadales Chroomonadaceae
chroveli	chroveli	Chromera velia                 	O_Al	- -
chryasia	Tetrapod	Chrysochloris asiatica         	M_Mm	- Chrysochloridae
chrypict	Tetrapod	Chrysemys picta                	M_Rp	Testudines Emydidae
cicearie	Angiosp 	Cicer arietinum                	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
cimelect	InsectCl	Cimex lectularius              	M_In	Hemiptera Cimicidae
cioninte	Mollusca	Ciona intestinalis             	M_Ch	Enterogona Cionidae
cionsavi	ChordatC	Ciona savignyi                 	M_Ch	Enterogona Cionidae
citrclem	Angiosp 	Citrus clementina              	P_Eu	Sapindales Rutaceae
citrlana	Angiosp 	Citrullus lanatus              	P_Eu	Cucurbitales Cucurbitaceae
citrsine	Angiosp 	Citrus sinensis                	P_Eu	Sapindales Rutaceae
cladfulv	Dothide1	Cladosporium fulvum            	F_As	Capnodiales Cladosporiaceae
cladgray	Dothide1	Cladonia grayi                 	F_As	Lecanorales Cladoniaceae
clatelyn	Dothide1	Clathrospora elynae            	F_As	Pleosporales Diademaceae
clavpyxi	Sordari1	Clavicorona pyxidata           	F_Ba	Russulales Auriscalpiaceae
clavspec	Dothide1	Clavulina spec                 	F_Ba	Cantharellales Clavulinaceae
clonsine	NematodF	Clonorchis sinensis            	M_Pl	Opisthorchiida Opisthorchiidae
cluphare	Fish_mdl	Clupea harengus                	M_Fs	Clupeiformes Clupeidae
coccimmi	Dothide1	Coccidioides immitis           	F_As	Onygenales -
coccporm	Dothide1	Coccidioides pormscc           	F_As	Onygenales -
coccposa	Dothide1	Coccidioides posadasii         	F_As	Onygenales -
coccposi	Dothide1	Coccidioides posilveira        	F_As	Onygenales -
coccsube	Chlospec	Coccomyxa subellipsoidea       	P_Ch	Bivalvulida Coccomyxidae
cochcarb	Dothide1	Cochliobolus carbonum          	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
cochhet4	Dothide2	Cochliobolus het4              	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
cochhete	Dothide1	Cochliobolus heterostrophus    	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
cochluna	Dothide1	Cochliobolus lunatus           	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
cochmiya	Dothide1	Cochliobolus miyabeanus        	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
cochsati	Dothide1	Cochliobolus sativus           	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
cochvict	Dothide1	Cochliobolus victoriae         	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
coemreve	coemreve	Coemansia reversa              	F_Fu	Kickxellales Kickxellaceae
colistri	Tetrapod	Colius striatus                	M_Av	Coliiformes Coliidae
collerem	Dothide1	Colletotrichum eremochloae     	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collfalc	Dothide1	Colletotrichum falcatum        	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collgram	Dothide1	Colletotrichum graminicola     	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collhigg	Dothide1	Colletotrichum higginsianum    	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collsome	Dothide1	Colletotrichum somersetensis   	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collsubl	Dothide1	Colletotrichum sublineola      	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
collzoys	Dothide1	Colletotrichum zoysiae         	F_As	Glomerellales Glomerellaceae
coloango	Tetrapod	Colobus angolensis             	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
colulivi	Tetrapod	Columba livia                  	M_Av	Columbiformes Columbidae
condcris	Tetrapod	Condylura cristata             	M_Mm	Insectivora Talpidae
conicoro	conicoro	Conidiobolus coronatus         	F_En	Entomophthorales Ancylistaceae
conilign	Dothide1	Coniochaeta ligniaria          	F_As	Coniochaetales Coniochaetaceae
conipute	Dothide1	Coniophora puteana             	F_Ba	Boletales Coniophoraceae
conispec	Dothide1	Coniochaeta spec               	F_As	Coniochaetales Coniochaetaceae
conithro	conithro	Conidiobolus thromboides       	F_En	Entomophthorales Ancylistaceae
copiflor	InsectAg	Copidosoma floridanum          	M_In	Hymenoptera Encyrtidae
coprcine	Dothide1	Coprinopsis cinerea            	F_Ba	Agaricales Psathyrellaceae
cordmili	Dothide1	Cordyceps militaris            	F_As	Hypocreales Cordycipitaceae
cortglau	Dothide1	Cortinarius glaucopus          	F_Ba	Agaricales Cortinariaceae
corvbrac	Tetrapod	Corvus brachyrhynchos          	M_Av	Passeriformes Corvidae
corvcorn	Tetrapod	Corvus cornix                  	M_Av	Passeriformes Corvidae
corycass	Dothide1	Corynespora cassicola          	F_As	Pleosporales Corynesporascaceae
cotevest	InsectAp	Cotesia vestalis               	M_In	Hymenoptera Braconidae
cotujapo	Tetrapod	Coturnix japonica              	M_Av	Galliformes Phasianidae
crasgiga	Echinode	Crassostrea gigas              	M_Mo	Ostreoida Ostreidae
cricgris	Tetrapod	Cricetulus griseus             	M_Mm	Rodentia Cricetidae
critfasc	Archamoe	Crithidia fasciculata          	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
cronquer	Puccinia	Cronartium quercuum            	F_Ba	Pucciniales Cronartiaceae
crypgatt	FungiAll	Cryptococcus gattii            	F_Ba	Filobasidiales Filobasidiaceae
cryphomi	Sporadot	Cryptosporidium hominis        	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Cryptosporidiidae
crypmuri	Sporadot	Cryptosporidium muris          	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Cryptosporidiidae
crypneof	Dothide1	Cryptococcus neoformans        	F_Ba	Filobasidiales Filobasidiaceae
cryppara	ProtisGn	Cryptomonas paramecium  	O_Ch	Cryptomonadaceae Cryptomonas
crypparf	Oomycete	Cryphonectria parasitica       	F_As	Diaporthales Cryphonectriaceae
crypparv	Sporadot	Cryptosporidium parvum         	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Cryptosporidiidae
crypvish	Sordari1	Cryptococcus vishniacii        	F_Ba	Filobasidiales Filobasidiaceae
cucuberb	Dothide1	Cucurbitaria berberidis        	F_As	Pleosporales Cucurbitariaceae
cucucano	Tetrapod	Cuculus canorus                	M_Av	Cuculiformes Cuculidae
cucumelo	Angiosp 	Cucumis melo                   	P_Eu	Cucurbitales Cucurbitaceae
cucusati	Angiosp 	Cucumis sativus                	P_Eu	Cucurbitales Cucurbitaceae
culequin	InsectDm	Culex quinquefasciatus         	M_In	Diptera Culicidae
cyanmero	Cyanidia	Cyanidioschyzon merolae        	P_Ba	Cyanidiales Cyanidiaceae
cybejadi	Dothide1	Cyberlindnera jadinii          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Phaffomycetaceae
cyligold	NematodW	Cylicostephanus goldi          	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongylidae
cylitorr	Sordari1	Cylindrobasidium torrendii     	F_Ba	Corticiales Corticiaceae
cynosemi	Fish_mdl	Cynoglossus semilaevis         	M_Fs	Pleuronectiformes Cynoglossidae
cyprvari	Fish_mdl	Cyprinodon variegatus          	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Cyprinodontidae
cytafeli	cytafeli	Cytauxzoon felis               	O_Al	- Theileriidae
dacrspec	Sordari1	Dacryopinax species            	F_Ba	Dacrymycetales Dacrymycetaceae
dactcocc	InsectCl	Dactylopius coccus             	M_In	Hemiptera Dactylopiidae
daedquer	Sordari1	Daedalea quercina              	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
daldesch	Dothide1	Daldinia eschscholzii          	F_As	Xylariales Xylariaceae
danaplex	Echinode	Danaus plexippus               	M_In	Lepidoptera Nymphalidae
danireri	Fish_mdl	Danio rerio                    	M_Fs	Cypriniformes Cyprinidae
daphpule	ArthroDu	Daphnia pulex                  	M_Ar	Diplostraca Daphniidae
dasynove	Tetrapod	Dasypus novemcinctus           	M_Mm	Cingulata Dasypodidae
dauccaro	Angiosp 	Daucus carota                  	P_Eu	Apiales Apiaceae
debahans	Saccharo	Debaryomyces hansenii          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
dekkbrux	dekkbrux	Dekkera bruxellensis           	F_As	 
deliconf	Dothide1	Delitschia confertaspora       	F_As	Pleosporales Delitschiaceae
dendbisp	Dothide1	Dendrothele bispora            	F_Ba	Corticiales Corticiaceae
dendpond	InsectCo	Dendroctonus ponderosae        	M_In	Coleoptera Curculionidae
diacallo	Echinode	Diachasma alloeum              	M_In	Hymenoptera Braconidae
diapcitr	ChordatC	Diaphorina citri               	M_In	Hemiptera Psyllidae
dichsqua	Sordari1	Dichomitus squalens            	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
dictdisc	Dictyost	Dictyostelium discoideum       	O_Am	Dictyosteliida -
dictfasc	Dictyost	Dictyostelium fasciculatum     	O_Am	Dictyosteliida -
dictpurp	Dictyost	Dictyostelium purpureum        	O_Am	Dictyosteliida -
dictvivi	NematodN	Dictyocaulus viviparus         	M_Ne	Rhabditida Dictyocaulidae
didyexig	Dothide1	Didymella exigua               	F_As	Pleosporales Didymellaceae
dinoquad	Echinode	Dinoponera quadriceps          	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
dioscryo	dioscryo	Dioszegia cryoxerica           	F_Ba	Tremellales -
diphlatu	NematodF	Diphyllobothrium latum         	M_Pl	Diphyllobothriidea Diphyllobothriidae
dipoordi	Tetrapod	Dipodomys ordii                	M_Mm	Rodentia Heteromyidae
diroimmi	NematodO	Dirofilaria immitis            	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
dissacic	Dothide1	Dissoconium aciculare          	F_As	Capnodiales Dissoconiaceae
diurnoxi	InsectCl	Diuraphis noxia                	M_In	Hemiptera Aphididae
dothsept	Dothide1	Dothistroma septosporum        	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
dothsymp	Dothide1	Dothidotthia symphoricarpi     	F_As	Pleosporales Dothidotthiaceae
dracmedi	NematodO	Dracunculus medinensis         	M_Ne	Spirurida Dracunculidae
drosalbo	InsectDm	Drosophila albomicans          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosanan	InsectDm	Drosophila ananassae           	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosbiar	InsectDm	Drosophila biarmipes           	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosbipe	InsectDm	Drosophila bipectinata         	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
droseleg	InsectDm	Drosophila elegans             	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
droserec	InsectDm	Drosophila erecta              	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
droseugr	InsectDm	Drosophila eugracilis          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosficu	InsectDm	Drosophila ficusphila          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosgrim	InsectDm	Drosophila grimshawi           	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
droskikk	InsectDm	Drosophila kikkawai            	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosmela	InsectDm	Drosophila melanogaster        	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosmira	InsectDm	Drosophila miranda             	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosmoja	InsectDm	Drosophila mojavensis          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drospers	InsectDm	Drosophila persimilis          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drospseu	InsectDm	Drosophila pseudoobscura       	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosrhop	InsectDm	Drosophila rhopaloa            	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drossech	InsectDm	Drosophila sechellia           	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drossimu	InsectDm	Drosophila simulans            	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drossuzu	InsectDm	Drosophila suzukii             	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drostaka	InsectDm	Drosophila takahashii          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosviri	InsectDm	Drosophila virilis             	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
droswill	InsectMd	Drosophila willistoni          	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
drosyaku	InsectDm	Drosophila yakuba              	M_In	Diptera Drosophilidae
dufonova	InsectAg	Dufourea novaeangliae          	M_In	Teloschistales Teloschistaceae
dunasali	dunasali	Dunaliella salina              	P_Ch	Chlamydomonadales Dunaliellaceae
echicana	NematodB	Echinococcus canadensis        	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
echicapr	NematodF	Echinostoma caproni            	M_Pl	Plagiorchiida Echinostomatidae
echigran	NematodB	Echinococcus granulosus        	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
echimult	NematodB	Echinococcus multilocularis    	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
echitelf	Tetrapod	Echinops telfairi              	M_Mm	Asterales Asteraceae
egregarz	Tetrapod	Egretta garzetta               	M_Av	Pelecaniformes Ardeidae
eimeacer	Eimeria 	Eimeria acervulina             	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimebrun	Eimeria 	Eimeria brunetti               	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimemaxi	Eimeria 	Eimeria maxima                 	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimemiti	Eimeria 	Eimeria mitis                  	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimeneca	Eimeria 	Eimeria necatrix               	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimeprae	Eimeria 	Eimeria praecox                	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
eimetene	Eimeria 	Eimeria tenella                	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Eimeriidae
elaeelap	NematodO	Elaeophora elaphi              	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
elaeguin	Angiosp 	Elaeis guineensis              	P_Mo	Arecales Arecaceae
elepedwa	Tetrapod	Elephantulus edwardii          	M_Mm	Macroscelidea Macroscelididae
emilhuxl	emilhuxl	Emiliania huxleyi              	O_Ha	Isochrysidales Noelaerhabdaceae
encecuni	FungiAll	Encephalitozoon cuniculi       	F_Mi	- Unikaryonidae
encehell	FungiAll	Encephalitozoon hellem         	F_Mi	- Unikaryonidae
enceinte	FungiAll	Encephalitozoon intestinalis   	F_Mi	- Unikaryonidae
enceroma	FungiAll	Encephalitozoon romaleae       	F_Mi	- Unikaryonidae
endomont	Archamoe	Endotrypanum monterogeii       	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
entadisp	Archamoe	Entamoeba dispar               	O_Am	- -
entahist	Archamoe	Entamoeba histolytica          	O_Am	- -
entainva	Archamoe	Entamoeba invadens             	O_Am	- -
entamosh	Archamoe	Entamoeba moshkovskii          	O_Am	- -
entanutt	Archamoe	Entamoeba nuttalli             	O_Am	- -
entebien	FungiAll	Enterocytozoon bieneusi        	F_Mi	- Enterocytozoonidae
enteverm	NematodO	Enterobius vermicularis        	M_Ne	Oxyurida Oxyuridae
eperfalc	Eimeria 	Epermenia falciformis          	O_Op	Lepidoptera Epermeniidae
ephedani	InsectGn	Ephemera danica                	M_In	Ephemeroptera Ephemeridae
eptefusc	Tetrapod	Eptesicus fuscus               	M_Mm	Chiroptera Vespertilionidae
equuasin	Tetrapod	Equus asinus                   	M_Mm	Perissodactyla Equidae
equucaba	Tetrapod	Equus caballus                 	M_Mm	Perissodactyla Equidae
equuprze	Tetrapod	Equus przewalskii              	M_Mm	Perissodactyla Equidae
erembila	Dothide1	Eremomyces bilateralis         	F_As	- Eremomycetaceae
eremcymb	Saccharo	Eremothecium cymbalariae       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
eremgoss	Saccharo	Eremothecium gossypii          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
erineuro	Tetrapod	Erinaceus europaeus            	M_Mm	Insectivora Erinaceidae
erytgutt	Angiosp 	Erythranthe guttata            	P_Eu	Lamiales Phrymaceae
erythase	Sordari1	Erythrobasidium hasegawianum   	F_Ba	Erythrobasidiales Erythrobasidiaceae
esoxluci	Fish_mdl	Esox lucius                    	M_Fs	Esociformes Esocidae
eucacama	Angiosp 	Eucalyptus camaldulensis       	P_Eu	Myrtales Myrtaceae
eucagran	Angiosp 	Eucalyptus grandis             	P_Eu	Myrtales Myrtaceae
euroherb	Dothide1	Eurotium herbariorum           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
eurorubr	Dothide1	Eurotium rubrum                	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
euryheli	Tetrapod	Eurypyga helias                	M_Av	Gruiformes Eurypygidae
eutrsals	Angiosp 	Eutrema salsugineum            	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
eutylata	Dothide1	Eutypa lata                    	F_As	Xylariales Diatrypaceae
exidglan	Sordari1	Exidia glandulosa              	F_Ba	Auriculariales Exidiaceae
exobvacc	exobvacc	Exobasidium vaccinii           	F_Ba	Exobasidiales Exobasidiaceae
falccher	Tetrapod	Falco cherrug                  	M_Av	Falconiformes Falconidae
falcpere	Tetrapod	Falco peregrinus               	M_Av	Falconiformes Falconidae
faschepa	faschepa	Fasciola hepatica              	M_Pl	Plagiorchiida Fasciolidae
felicatu	Tetrapod	Felis catus                    	M_Mm	Carnivora Felidae
fibrradi	Dothide1	Fibroporia radiculosa          	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
fibuspec	Dothide1	Fibulorhizoctonia spec         	F_Ba	Atheliales Atheliaceae
ficealbi	Tetrapod	Ficedula albicollis            	M_Av	Passeriformes Muscicapidae
fisthepa	Dothide1	Fistulina hepatica             	F_Ba	Agaricales Fistulinaceae
fomimedi	Dothide1	Fomitiporia mediterranea       	F_Ba	Hymenochaetales Hymenochaetaceae
fomipini	Sordari1	Fomitopsis pinicola            	F_Ba	Polyporales Fomitopsidaceae
fontalba	fontalba	Fonticula alba                 	O_Op	- -
fopiaris	Echinode	Fopius arisanus                	M_In	Hymenoptera Braconidae
fraganan	Angiosp 	Fragaria ananassa              	P_Eu	Rosales Rosaceae
fragcyli	fragcyli	Fragilariopsis cylindrus       	O_St	Bacillariales Bacillariaceae
fragvesc	Angiosp 	Fragaria vesca                 	P_Eu	Rosales Rosaceae
franocci	InsectAg	Frankliniella occidentalis     	M_In	Thysanoptera Thripidae
fukodama	Tetrapod	Fukomys damarensis             	M_Mm	Rodentia Bathyergidae
fulmglac	Tetrapod	Fulmarus glacialis             	M_Av	Procellariiformes Procellariidae
fundhete	Fish_mdl	Fundulus heteroclitus          	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Fundulidae
fusafuji	Dothide1	Fusarium fujikuroi             	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusagram	Dothide1	Fusarium graminearum           	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusaoxys	Dothide1	Fusarium oxysporum             	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
fusavert	Dothide1	Fusarium verticillioides       	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
gadumorh	Fish_mdl	Gadus morhua                   	M_Fs	Gadiformes Gadidae
gaeugram	Sordari3	Gaeumannomyces graminis        	F_As	Magnaporthales Magnaporthaceae
galdsulp	Cyanidia	Galdieria sulphuraria          	P_Ba	Cyanidiales Cyanidiaceae
galemarg	Dothide1	Galerina marginata             	F_Ba	Agaricales Strophariaceae
galevari	Tetrapod	Galeopterus variegatus         	M_Mm	Dermoptera Cynocephalidae
gallgall	Tetrapod	Gallus gallus                  	M_Av	Galliformes Phasianidae
ganospec	Sordari1	Ganoderma species              	F_Ba	Polyporales Ganodermataceae
gastacul	Fish_mdl	Gasterosteus aculeatus         	M_Fs	Perciformes Gasterosteidae
gavistel	Tetrapod	Gavia stellata                 	M_Av	Gaviiformes Gaviidae
gekkjapo	Tetrapod	Gekko japonicus                	M_Rp	Squamata Gekkonidae
geosfort	Tetrapod	Geospiza fortis                	M_Av	Passeriformes Thraupidae
gerrbuen	InsectCl	Gerris buenoi                  	M_In	Hemiptera Gerridae
giarinte	Archamoe	Giardia intestinalis           	O_Fo	- Hexamitidae
giarlamb	Archamoe	Giardia lamblia                	O_Fo	- Hexamitidae
gibbmoni	Dothide1	Gibberella moniliformis        	F_As	 
gibbzeae	FungiAll	Gibberella zeae                	F_As	 
glarlozo	Dothide1	Glarea lozoyensis              	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
globpall	NematodE	Globodera pallida              	M_Ne	Tylenchida Heteroderidae
gloetrab	Sordari1	Gloeophyllum trabeum           	F_Ba	Gloeophyllales Gloeophyllaceae
glomacut	Dothide1	Glomerella acutata             	F_As	Coleoptera Coccinellidae
glomcing	Dothide1	Glomerella cingulata           	F_As	Coleoptera Coccinellidae
glomgram	FungiAll	Glomerella graminicola         	F_As	Coleoptera Coccinellidae
glonstel	Dothide1	Glonium stellatum              	F_As	- Gloniaceae
glosaust	InsectGl	Glossina austeni               	M_In	Diptera Glossinidae
glosbrev	InsectGl	Glossina brevipalpis           	M_In	Diptera Glossinidae
glosfusc	InsectGl	Glossina fuscipes              	M_In	Diptera Glossinidae
glosmors	InsectGl	Glossina morsitans             	M_In	Diptera Glossinidae
glospall	InsectGl	Glossina pallidipes            	M_In	Diptera Glossinidae
glospalp	InsectGl	Glossina palpalis              	M_In	Diptera Glossinidae
glycmax_	Angiosp 	Glycine max                    	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
gonaprol	gonaprol	Gonapodya prolifera            	F_Ch	Monoblepharidales Gonapodyaceae
gongpulc	NematodA	Gongylonema pulchrum           	M_Ne	Spirurida Gongylonematidae
gorigori	Tetrapod	Gorilla gorilla                	M_Mm	Primates Hominidae
gossraim	Angiosp 	Gossypium raimondii            	P_Eu	Malvales Malvaceae
gregniph	gregniph	Gregarina niphandrodes         	O_Al	Eugregarinorida Gregarinidae
grosclav	Sordari1	Grosmannia clavigera           	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
guilthet	Chroomon	Guillardia theta               	O_Cr	Pyrenomonadales Geminigeraceae
guyanecr	Dothide1	Guyanagaster necrorhiza        	F_Ba	Agaricales Physalacriaceae
gymnandr	Dothide1	Gymnopus androsaceus           	F_Ba	Agaricales Omphalotaceae
gymnaura	Dothide1	Gymnascella aurantiaca         	F_As	Onygenales Gymnoascaceae
gymnchry	Dothide1	Gymnopilus chrysopellus        	F_Ba	Agaricales Cortinariaceae
gymncitr	Dothide1	Gymnascella citrina            	F_As	Onygenales Gymnoascaceae
gymnluxu	Dothide1	Gymnopus luxurians             	F_Ba	Agaricales Omphalotaceae
gyrolivi	Dothide1	Gyrodon lividus                	F_Ba	Boletales Gyrodontaceae
haemcont	NematodN	Haemonchus contortus           	M_Ne	Rhabditida Haemonchidae
haemplac	NematodN	Haemonchus placei              	M_Ne	Rhabditida Haemonchidae
halialbi	Tetrapod	Haliaeetus albicilla           	M_Av	Falconiformes Accipitridae
halileuc	Tetrapod	Haliaeetus leucocephalus       	M_Av	Falconiformes Accipitridae
halyhaly	ArthroPe	Halyomorpha halys              	M_In	Hemiptera Pentatomidae
hammhamm	Conoida1	Hammondia hammondi             	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Sarcocystidae
hanspoly	Saccharo	Hansenula polymorpha           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
hansvalb	Saccharo	Hanseniaspora valbyensis       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycodaceae
haplburt	Fish_mdl	Haplochromis burtoni           	M_Fs	Cichliformes Cichlidae
harpsalt	Echinode	Harpegnathos saltator          	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
hebecyli	Dothide1	Hebeloma cylindrosporum        	F_Ba	Agaricales Cortinariaceae
helimelp	InsectAc	Heliconius melpomene           	M_In	Lepidoptera Nymphalidae
helipoly	NematodN	Heligmosomoides polygyrus      	M_Ne	Rhabditida Heligmosomatidae
helorobu	helorobu	Helobdella robusta             	M_An	Rhynchobdellida Glossiphoniidae
hessvesi	hessvesi	Hesseltinella vesiculosa       	F_Fu	Mucorales Cunninghamellaceae
heteanno	Sordari1	Heterobasidion annosum         	F_Ba	Russulales Bondarzewiaceae
hetebact	hetebact	Heterorhabditis bacteriophora  	M_Ne	Rhabditida Heterorhabditidae
heteglab	Tetrapod	Heterocephalus glaber          	M_Mm	Rodentia Bathyergidae
hetepycn	hetepycn	Heterogastridium pycnidioideum 	F_Ba	Heterogastridiales Heterogastridiaceae
histcag1	Dothide1	Histoplasma cag186ar           	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
histcah1	Dothide1	Histoplasma cah143             	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
histcah8	Dothide1	Histoplasma cah88              	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
histcana	Dothide1	Histoplasma canam1             	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
histcaps	Dothide1	Histoplasma capsulatum         	F_As	Onygenales Ajellomycetaceae
homavitr	InsectHe	Homalodisca vitripennis        	M_In	Hemiptera Cicadellidae
homosapi	Tetrapod	Homo sapiens                   	M_Mm	Primates Hominidae
hyalarab	Oomycete	Hyaloperonospora arabidopsidis 	O_St	Peronosporales Peronosporaceae
hydataen	NematodB	Hydatigera taeniaeformis       	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
hydnpina	Dothide1	Hydnomerulius pinastri         	F_Ba	Boletales Paxillaceae
hydrmagn	Echinode	Hydra magnipapillata           	M_Cn	Anthoathecata Hydridae
hydrvulg	hydrvulg	Hydra vulgaris                 	M_Cn	Anthoathecata Hydridae
hymedimi	Hymenole	Hymenolepis diminuta           	M_Pl	Asterales Asteraceae
hymemicr	Hymenole	Hymenolepis microstoma         	M_Pl	Asterales Asteraceae
hymenana	Hymenole	Hymenolepis nana               	M_Pl	Asterales Asteraceae
hyphburt	hyphburt	Hyphopichia burtonii           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
hyphsubl	Dothide1	Hypholoma sublateritium        	F_Ba	Agaricales Strophariaceae
hypohamp	InsectCo	Hypothenemus hampei            	M_In	Coleoptera Curculionidae
hypospco	Sordari1	Hypoxylon spCO275              	F_As	Xylariales Xylariaceae
hypospec	Dothide1	Hypoxylon species              	F_As	Xylariales Xylariaceae
hystpuli	Dothide1	Hysterium pulicare             	F_As	Hysteriales Hysteriaceae
ichtmult	ichtmult	Ichthyophthirius multifiliis   	O_Al	Hymenostomatida -
ictitrid	Tetrapod	Ictidomys tridecemlineatus     	M_Mm	Rodentia Sciuridae
ilyoradi	FungiAll	Ilyonectria radicola           	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
ilyospec	Dothide1	Ilyonectria spec               	F_As	Hypocreales Nectriaceae
ixodscap	ixodscap	Ixodes scapularis              	M_Ar	Ixodida Ixodidae
jaapargi	Dothide1	Jaapia argillacea              	F_Ba	Jaapiales Jaapiaceae
jacujacu	Tetrapod	Jaculus jaculus                	M_Mm	Rodentia Dipodidae
jamispec	jamispec	Jaminaea spec                  	F_Ba	Microstromatales -
jatrcurc	Angiosp 	Jatropha curcas                	P_Eu	Malpighiales Euphorbiaceae
kalalaxi	Angiosp 	Kalanchoe laxiflora            	P_Eu	Saxifragales Crassulaceae
kalamarn	Angiosp 	Kalanchoe marnieriana          	P_Eu	Saxifragales Crassulaceae
karsrhod	Dothide1	Karstenula rhodostom           	F_As	Pleosporales Didymosphaeriaceae
kazaafri	Saccharo	Kazachstania africana          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
kluylact	Saccharo	Kluyveromyces lactis           	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
komapast	Saccharo	Komagataella pastoris          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Phaffomycetaceae
laccamet	Dothide1	Laccaria amethystina           	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
laccbico	Dothide1	Laccaria bicolor               	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
lachkluy	Saccharo	Lachancea Lachancea            	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
lachther	Saccharo	Lachancea thermotolerans       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
ladofulv	InsectGn	Ladona fulva                   	M_In	Odonata Libellulidae
laetsulp	Sordari1	Laetiporus sulphureus          	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
laricroc	Fish_mdl	Larimichthys crocea            	M_Fs	- Sciaenidae
latichal	ChordatU	Latimeria chalumnae            	M_Sa	Coelacanthiformes Coelacanthidae
leiospec	Sordari1	Leiotrametes sp                	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
leisaeth	Archamoe	Leishmania aethiopica          	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisarab	Archamoe	Leishmania arabica             	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisbraz	Archamoe	Leishmania braziliensis        	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisdono	Archamoe	Leishmania donovani            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisenri	Archamoe	Leishmania enriettii           	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisgerb	Archamoe	Leishmania gerbilli            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leisinfa	Archamoe	Leishmania infantum            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leismajo	Archamoe	Leishmania major               	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leismexi	Archamoe	Leishmania mexicana            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leispana	Archamoe	Leishmania panamensis          	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leistare	Archamoe	Leishmania tarentolae          	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leistrop	Archamoe	Leishmania tropica             	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leistura	Archamoe	Leishmania turanica            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
lentfluv	Dothide1	Lentithecium fluviatile        	F_As	Pleosporales Lentitheciaceae
lenttigr	Sordari1	Lentinus tigrinus              	F_Ba	Polyporales Lentinaceae
lepesalm	ArthroLe	Lepeophtheirus salmonis        	M_Ar	Siphonostomatoida Caligidae
lepiocul	Tetrapod	Lepisosteus oculatus           	M_Fs	Semionotiformes Lepisosteidae
lepipalu	Dothide1	Lepidopterella palustri        	F_As	- Argynnaceae
leptdece	InsectCo	Leptinotarsa decemlineata      	M_In	Coleoptera Chrysomelidae
leptdisc	Tetrapod	Leptosomus discolor            	M_Av	Coraciiformes Leptosomidae
leptmacu	Dothide1	Leptosphaeria maculans         	F_As	Pleosporales Leptosphaeriaceae
leptpyrr	Archamoe	Leptomonas pyrrhocoris         	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leptseym	Archamoe	Leptomonas seymouri            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leptspma	Archamoe	Leptomonas spma                	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
leptwedd	Tetrapod	Leptonychotes weddellii        	M_Mm	Carnivora Phocidae
leucgong	Dothide1	Leucoagaricus gongylophorus    	F_Ba	Agaricales Agaricaceae
leucmoll	Dothide1	Leucogyrophana mollusca        	F_Ba	Boletales -
lichhyal	Mucoral1	Lichtheimia hyalospora         	F_Fu	Mucorales Lichtheimiaceae
limnluna	InsectGn	Limnephilus lunatus            	M_In	Trichoptera Limnephilidae
limupoly	InsectBm	Limulus polyphemus             	M_Ar	Xiphosura Limulidae
lindingo	Dothide2	Lindgomyces ingoldianus        	F_As	Pleosporales Lindgomycetaceae
linehumi	Echinode	Linepithema humile             	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
linganat	Mollusca	Lingula anatina                	M_Br	Lingulida Lingulidae
linuusit	Angiosp 	Linum usitatissimum            	P_Eu	Malpighiales Linaceae
lipostar	Dothide1	Lipomyces starkeyi             	F_As	Saccharomycetales Lipomycetaceae
lipovexi	Tetrapod	Lipotes vexillifer             	M_Mm	Cetacea Lipotidae
litosigm	NematodO	Litomosoides sigmodontis       	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
loa_loa_	NematodO	Loa loa                        	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
locumigr	InsectGn	Locusta migratoria             	M_In	Orthoptera Acrididae
loddelon	Saccharo	Lodderomyces elongisporus      	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
lophmacr	Dothide1	Lophiostoma macrostomum        	F_As	Pleosporales Lophiostomataceae
lophmyti	Dothide1	Lophium mytilinum              	F_As	Mytilinidiales Mytilinidiaceae
lorajunc	Dothide1	Loramyces juncicola            	F_As	Helotiales Loramycetaceae
lothspec	ProtisGn	Lotharella spec                	O_Rh	- -
lottgiga	lottgiga	Lottia gigantea                	M_Mo	- Lottiidae
lotujapo	Angiosp 	Lotus japonicus                	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
loxoafri	Tetrapod	Loxodonta africana             	M_Mm	Proboscidea Elephantidae
lucicupr	ArthroLe	Lucilia cuprina                	M_In	Asterales Asteraceae
lutzlong	lutzlong	Lutzomyia longipalpis          	M_In	Diptera Psychodidae
macafasc	Tetrapod	Macaca fascicularis            	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
macamula	Tetrapod	Macaca mulatta                 	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
macaneme	Tetrapod	Macaca nemestrina              	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
macranom	Dothide1	Macroventuria anomochaeta      	F_As	Pleosporales Didymellaceae
macreuge	Tetrapod	Macropus eugenii               	M_Mm	Diprotodontia Macropodidae
macrfuli	Dothide1	Macrolepiota fuliginosa        	F_Ba	Agaricales Agaricaceae
macrphas	Dothide1	Macrophomina phaseolina        	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Botryosphaeriaceae
magngris	magngris	Magnaporthe grisea             	F_As	Magnaporthales Magnaporthaceae
magnoryz	Sordari3	Magnaporthe oryzae             	F_As	Magnaporthales Magnaporthaceae
magnpoae	Sordari3	Magnaporthe poae               	F_As	Magnaporthales Magnaporthaceae
malaglob	malaglob	Malassezia globosa             	F_Ba	Malasseziales Malasseziaceae
malasymp	malasymp	Malassezia sympodialis         	F_Ba	Malasseziales Malasseziaceae
maludome	Angiosp 	Malus domesticas               	P_Eu	Rosales Rosaceae
manavite	Tetrapod	Manacus vitellinus             	M_Av	Passeriformes Pipridae
mandleuc	Tetrapod	Mandrillus leucophaeus         	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
mandsext	mandsext	Manduca sexta                  	M_In	Lepidoptera Sphingidae
maniescu	Angiosp 	Manihot esculenta              	P_Eu	Malpighiales Euphorbiaceae
marafiar	Dothide1	Marasmius fiardii              	F_Ba	Agaricales Marasmiaceae
marcpoly	MossWorts	Marchantia polymorpha          	P_Ma	Marchantiales Marchantiaceae
marmmarm	Tetrapod	Marmota marmota                	M_Mm	Rodentia Sciuridae
marsbrun	Dothide1	Marssonina brunnea             	F_As	Helotiales Dermateaceae
martpter	martpter	Martensiomyces pterosporus     	F_Fu	Kickxellales Kickxellaceae
massebur	Dothide1	Massarina eburnea              	F_As	Pleosporales Massarinaceae
mayedest	InsectDi	Mayetiola destructor           	M_In	Diptera Cecidomyiidae
maylzebr	Fish_mdl	Maylandia zebra                	M_Fs	Cichliformes Cichlidae
meditrun	Angiosp 	Medicago truncatula            	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
megarotu	InsectAg	Megachile rotundata            	M_In	Hymenoptera Megachilidae
megascal	megascal	Megaselia scalaris             	M_In	Diptera Phoridae
meirmilt	meirmilt	Meira miltonrushii             	F_Eu	Coleoptera Curculionidae
melalari	Puccinia	Melampsora laricispopulina     	F_Ba	Pucciniales Melampsoraceae
melapulv	Dothide1	Melanomma pulvis-pyrius        	F_As	Lepidoptera Erebidae
melaspec	Dothide1	Melanconium spec               	F_As	Diaporthales Melanconidaceae
melaspnr	Dothide1	Melanconium spNRRL             	F_As	Diaporthales Melanconidaceae
melegall	Tetrapod	Meleagris gallopavo            	M_Av	Galliformes Phasianidae
melibico	Dothide1	Meliniomyces bicolor           	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
melicinx	InsectAc	Melitaea cinxia                	M_In	Lepidoptera Nymphalidae
melivari	Dothide1	Meliniomyces variabilis        	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
meloflor	NematodM	Meloidogyne floridensis        	M_Ne	Tylenchida Meloidogynidae
melohapl	NematodM	Meloidogyne hapla              	M_Ne	Tylenchida Meloidogynidae
meloinco	NematodM	Meloidogyne incognita          	M_Ne	Tylenchida Meloidogynidae
meloundu	Tetrapod	Melopsittacus undulatus        	M_Av	Psittaciformes Psittaculidae
mengmold	InsectGn	Mengenilla moldrzyki           	M_In	Strepsiptera Mengenillidae
meronubi	Tetrapod	Merops nubicus                 	M_Av	Coraciiformes Meropidae
mesiunic	Tetrapod	Mesitornis unicolor            	M_Av	Gruiformes Mesitornithidae
mesoaura	Tetrapod	Mesocricetus auratus           	M_Mm	Rodentia Cricetidae
mesocort	NematodB	Mesocestoides corti            	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Mesocestoididae
metaacri	Dothide1	Metarhizium acridum            	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
metaanis	Dothide1	Metarhizium anisopliae         	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
metaocci	metaocci	Metaseiulus occidentalis       	M_Ar	Mesostigmata Phytoseiidae
metarobe	Dothide1	Metarhizium robertsii          	F_As	Hypocreales Clavicipitaceae
metsbicu	metsbicu	Metschnikowia bicuspidata      	F_As	Saccharomycetales Metschnikowiaceae
micrcani	Dothide1	Microsporum canis              	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
micrdemo	InsectAp	Microplitis demolitor          	M_In	Hymenoptera Braconidae
micrgyps	Dothide1	Microsporum gypseum            	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
micrmuri	Tetrapod	Microcebus murinus             	M_Mm	Primates Cheirogaleidae
microchr	Tetrapod	Microtus ochrogaster           	M_Mm	Rodentia Cricetidae
microssp	microssp	Microsporum species            	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
micromon	Micromon	Micromonas omon             	P_Ch	Tissierellales Peptoniphilaceae
micrpusi	Micromon	Micromonas pusilla             	P_Ch	Tissierellales Peptoniphilaceae
micrrcc2	Micromon	Micromonas rcc299              	P_Ch	Tissierellales Peptoniphilaceae
micrspec	FungiAll	Microstromatales spec          	F_Ba	Basidiomycota Exobasidiomycetes
micrtrig	Dothide1	Microascus trigonosporus       	F_As	Microascales Microascaceae
mimugutt	Angiosp 	Mimulus guttatus               	P_Eu	Decapoda Epialtidae
mixiosmu	Sordari1	Mixia osmundae                 	F_Ba	Mixiales Mixiaceae
mnemleid	mnemleid	Mnemiopsis leidyi              	M_Ct	Lobata Bolinopsidae
monahapt	Dothide1	Monacrosporium haptotylum      	F_As	Orbiliales Orbiliaceae
monapurp	Dothide1	Monascus purpureus             	F_As	Strigeidida Fellodistomidae
monarube	Dothide1	Monascus ruber                 	F_As	Strigeidida Fellodistomidae
monipern	Dothide1	Moniliophthora perniciosa      	F_Ba	Agaricales Marasmiaceae
monobrev	monobrev	Monosiga brevicollis           	O_Op	Choanoflagellida Codonosigidae
monodome	Tetrapod	Monodelphis domestica          	M_Mm	Didelphimorphia Didelphidae
mononegl	Chlospec	Monoraphidium neglectum        	P_Ch	Sphaeropleales Selenastraceae
monophar	Echinode	Monomorium pharaonis           	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
morcconi	Dothide1	Morchella conica               	F_As	Pezizales Morchellaceae
mortelon	Mortiere	Mortierella elongata           	F_Fu	Mortierellales Mortierellaceae
mortvert	Mortiere	Mortierella verticillata       	F_Fu	Mortierellales Mortierellaceae
morunota	Angiosp 	Morus notabilis                	P_Eu	Pelecaniformes Sulidae
mucocirc	Mucoral1	Mucor circinelloides           	F_Fu	Mucorales Mucoraceae
mus_musc	Tetrapod	Mus musculus                   	M_Mm	Rodentia Muridae
musaacum	Angiosp 	Musa acuminata                 	P_Mo	Zingiberales Musaceae
muscdome	InsectMd	Musca domestica                	M_In	Diptera Muscidae
mustfuro	Tetrapod	Mustela putorius               	M_Mm	Carnivora Mustelidae
mustputo	Tetrapod	Mustela putorius               	M_Mm	Carnivora Mustelidae
mycether	Dothide1	Myceliophthora thermophila     	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
mycofiji	Dothide2	Mycosphaerella fijiensis       	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
mycogram	Dothide1	Mycosphaerella graminicola     	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
myotbran	Tetrapod	Myotis brandtii                	M_Mm	Chiroptera Vespertilionidae
myotdavi	Tetrapod	Myotis davidii                 	M_Mm	Chiroptera Vespertilionidae
myotluci	Tetrapod	Myotis lucifugus               	M_Mm	Chiroptera Vespertilionidae
myriduri	Dothide1	Myriangium duriaei             	F_As	Myriangiales Myriangiaceae
myroinun	Dothide1	Myrothecium inundatum          	F_As	Hypocreales Stachybotriaceae
mytiresi	Dothide1	Mytilinidion resinicola        	F_As	Mytilinidiales Mytilinidiaceae
nadsfulv	nadsfulv	Nadsonia fulvescens            	F_As	Saccharomycetales -
naegfowl	naegfowl	Naegleria fowleri              	O_He	Schizopyrenida Vahlkampfiidae
naeggrub	naeggrub	Naegleria gruberi              	O_He	Schizopyrenida Vahlkampfiidae
naiaflui	naiaflui	Naiadella fluitansa            	F_Ba	 
nanngadi	Aconoid2	Nannochloropsis gaditana       	O_St	Eustigmatales Monodopsidaceae
nanngali	Tetrapod	Nannospalax galili             	M_Mm	Rodentia Spalacidae
nasogira	InsectAg	Nasonia giraulti               	M_In	Hymenoptera Pteromalidae
nasolong	InsectAg	Nasonia longicornis            	M_In	Hymenoptera Pteromalidae
nasovitr	InsectAg	Nasonia vitripennis            	M_In	Hymenoptera Pteromalidae
necaamer	NematodN	Necator americanus             	M_Ne	Rhabditida Ancylostomatidae
necthaem	Dothide1	Nectria haematococca           	F_As	Valvatida Oreasteridae
nelunuci	Angiosp 	Nelumbo nucifera               	P_Eu	Proteales Nelumbonaceae
nemapari	FungiAll	Nematocida parisii             	F_Mi	- -
nemavect	ChordatC	Nematostella vectensis         	M_Cn	Actiniaria Edwardsiidae
neodleco	Echinode	Neodiprion lecontei            	M_In	Hymenoptera Diprionidae
neofparv	Sordari1	Neofusicoccum parvum           	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Botryosphaeriaceae
neolbric	Fish_mdl	Neolamprologus brichardi       	M_Fs	Cichliformes Cichlidae
neollepi	Dothide1	Neolentinus lepideus           	F_Ba	Gloeophyllales Gloeophyllaceae
neoscani	Conoida1	Neospora caninum               	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Sarcocystidae
neosfisc	Dothide1	Neosartorya fischeri           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
nestnota	Tetrapod	Nestor notabilis               	M_Av	Psittaciformes Psittacidae
neurcras	Dothide1	Neurospora crassa              	F_As	Sordariales Sordariaceae
neurdisc	Dothide1	Neurospora discreta            	F_As	Sordariales Sordariaceae
neurtetr	Dothide1	Neurospora tetrasperma         	F_As	Sordariales Sordariaceae
nicobent	Angiosp 	Nicotiana benthamiana          	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
nicosylv	Angiosp 	Nicotiana sylvestris           	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
nicotome	Angiosp 	Nicotiana tomentosiformis      	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
niesexil	Dothide1	Niesslia exilis                	F_As	Hypocreales Niessliaceae
nilaluge	nilaluge	Nilaparvata lugens             	M_In	Hemiptera Delphacidae
nippbras	NematodN	Nippostrongylus brasiliensis   	M_Ne	Rhabditida Heligmonellidae
nippnipp	Tetrapod	Nipponia nippon                	M_Av	Pelecaniformes Threskiornithidae
nomaleuc	Tetrapod	Nomascus leucogenys            	M_Mm	Primates Hylobatidae
nosecera	FungiAll	Nosema ceranae                 	F_Mi	- Nosematidae
nothfurz	Fish_mdl	Nothobranchius furzeri         	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Nothobranchiidae
notocori	Fish_mdl	Notothenia coriiceps           	M_Fs	Perciformes Nototheniidae
obbarivu	Sordari1	Obba rivulosa                  	F_Ba	Polyporales Meruliaceae
ochoprin	Tetrapod	Ochotona princeps              	M_Mm	Lagomorpha Ochotonidae
octobima	InsectBm	Octopus bimaculoides           	M_Mo	Octopoda Octopodidae
octodegu	Tetrapod	Octodon degus                  	M_Mm	Rodentia Octodontidae
odobrosm	Tetrapod	Odobenus rosmarus              	M_Mm	Carnivora Odobenidae
oesodent	NematodN	Oesophagostomum dentatum       	M_Ne	Rhabditida Cloacinidae
oidimaiu	Dothide1	Oidiodendron maius             	F_As	- Myxotrichaceae
ompholea	Dothide1	Omphalotus olearius            	F_Ba	Agaricales Omphalotaceae
onchflex	NematodO	Onchocerca flexuosa            	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
onchoche	NematodO	Onchocerca ochengi             	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
onchvolv	NematodO	Onchocerca volvulus            	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
oncofasc	oncofasc	Oncopeltus fasciatus           	M_In	Hemiptera Lygaeidae
onthtaur	InsectCo	Onthophagus taurus             	M_In	Coleoptera Scarabaeidae
ophidiss	Dothide1	Ophiostoma piceae              	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
ophipice	Sordari2	Ophiostoma piceae              	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
ophipili	Sordari2	Ophiostoma piliferum           	F_As	Ophiostomatales Ophiostomataceae
opishoaz	Tetrapod	Opisthocomus hoazin            	M_Av	Opisthocomiformes Opisthocomidae
opisvive	NematodF	Opisthorchis viverrini         	M_Pl	Opisthorchiida Opisthorchiidae
orciorca	Tetrapod	Orcinus orca                   	M_Mm	Cetacea Delphinidae
oreonilo	Fish_mdl	Oreochromis niloticus          	M_Fs	Cichliformes Cichlidae
ornianat	Tetrapod	Ornithorhynchus anatinus       	M_Mm	Monotremata Ornithorhynchidae
oropthom	Angiosp 	Oropetium thomaeum             	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
orpispec	Ichthyos	Orpinomyces spec               	F_Ne	Neocallimastigales Neocallimastigaceae
orusabie	InsectAg	Orussus abietinus              	M_In	Hymenoptera Orussidae
orycafer	Tetrapod	Orycteropus afer               	M_Mm	Tubulidentata Orycteropodidae
oryccuni	Tetrapod	Oryctolagus cuniculus          	M_Mm	Lagomorpha Leporidae
oryzbrac	Angiosp 	Oryza brachyantha              	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzlati	Fish_mdl	Oryzias latipes                	M_Fs	Beloniformes Adrianichthyidae
oryzsati	Angiosp 	Oryza sativa                   	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
oryzsatj	Angiosp 	Oryza sativa                   	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
ostrluci	Ostrspec	Ostreococcus lucimarinus       	P_Ch	Mamiellales Bathycoccaceae
ostrrcc8	Ostrspec	Ostreococcus rcc809            	P_Ch	Mamiellales Bathycoccaceae
ostrtaur	Ostrspec	Ostreococcus tauri             	P_Ch	Mamiellales Bathycoccaceae
otolgarn	Tetrapod	Otolemur garnettii             	M_Mm	Primates Galagidae
ovisarie	Tetrapod	Ovis aries                     	M_Mm	- Bovidae
oxyttrif	Sporadot	Oxytricha trifallax            	O_Al	Sporadotrichida Oxytrichidae
pachtann	pachtann	Pachysolen tannophilus         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
pachvenu	pachvenu	Pachypsylla venusta            	M_In	Hemiptera Psyllidae
pan_pani	Tetrapod	Pan paniscus                   	M_Mm	Primates Hominidae
pan_trog	Tetrapod	Pan troglodytes                	M_Mm	Primates Hominidae
panaredi	NematodN	Panagrellus redivivus          	M_Ne	Rhabditida Panagrolaimidae
panestip	Sordari1	Panellus stipticus             	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
panihall	Angiosp 	Panicum hallii                 	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
panivirg	Angiosp 	Panicum virgatum               	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
panthodg	Tetrapod	Pantholops hodgsonii           	M_Mm	- Bovidae
panttigr	Tetrapod	Panthera tigris                	M_Mm	Carnivora Felidae
panurudi	Dothide1	Panus rudis                    	F_Ba	Polyporales Lentinaceae
papianub	Tetrapod	Papio anubis                   	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
papiglau	Echinode	Papilio glaucus                	M_In	Lepidoptera Papilionidae
papimach	Echinode	Papilio machaon                	M_In	Lepidoptera Papilionidae
papipoly	Echinode	Papilio polytes                	M_In	Lepidoptera Papilionidae
papixuth	Echinode	Papilio xuthus                 	M_In	Lepidoptera Papilionidae
parabra1	Dothide1	Paracoccidioides bra1          	F_As	Onygenales -
parabras	Dothide1	Paracoccidioides brasiliensis  	F_As	Onygenales -
paraequo	NematodA	Parascaris equorum             	M_Ne	Ascaridida Ascarididae
paraspor	Dothide1	Paraconiothyrium sporulosum    	F_As	Pleosporales Didymosphaeriaceae
paratepi	ArthroPe	Parasteatoda tepidariorum      	M_Ar	Araneae Theridiidae
paratetr	paratetr	Paramecium tetraurelia         	O_Al	Peniculida Parameciidae
paratric	NematodS	Parastrongyloides trichosuri   	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongyloididae
parumajo	Tetrapod	Parus major                    	M_Av	Passeriformes Paridae
pateatra	Dothide1	Patellaria atrata              	F_As	Patellariales Patellariaceae
paulchro	ProtisGn	Paulinella chromatophora       	O_Rh	Euglyphida Paulinellidae
paxiinvo	Dothide1	Paxillus involutus             	F_Ba	Boletales Paxillaceae
paxirubi	Dothide1	Paxillus rubicundulus          	F_Ba	Boletales Paxillaceae
pedihuma	InsectAp	Pediculus humanus              	M_In	Phthiraptera Pediculidae
pelecris	Tetrapod	Pelecanus crispus              	M_Av	Pelecaniformes Pelecanidae
pelosine	Tetrapod	Pelodiscus sinensis            	M_Rp	Testudines Trionychidae
penibila	Dothide1	Penicillium bilaiae            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penibrev	Dothide1	Penicillium brevicompactum     	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penicane	Dothide1	Penicillium canescens          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penichry	Dothide1	Penicillium chrysogenum        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penidigi	Dothide1	Penicillium digitatum          	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
peniexpa	Dothide1	Penicillium expansum           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penifell	Dothide1	Penicillium fellutanum         	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
peniglab	Dothide1	Penicillium glabrum            	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penijant	Dothide1	Penicillium janthinellum       	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penilano	Dothide1	Penicillium lanosocoeruleum    	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penioxal	Dothide1	Penicillium oxalicum           	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
penirais	Dothide1	Penicillium raistrickii        	F_As	Eurotiales Aspergillaceae
perimacr	Dothide1	Periconia macrospinosa         	F_As	Microascales Halosphaeriaceae
perkmari	perkmari	Perkinsus marinus              	O_Al	Perkinsida Perkinsidae
peromani	Tetrapod	Peromyscus maniculatus         	M_Mm	Rodentia Cricetidae
petrmari	ChordatU	Petromyzon marinus             	M_Ch	Petromyzontiformes Petromyzontidae
phaealeo	Dothide1	Phaeoacremonium aleophilum     	F_As	Togniniales Togniniaceae
phaelept	Tetrapod	Phaethon lepturus              	M_Av	Pelecaniformes Phaethontidae
phaenodo	FungiAll	Phaeosphaeria nodorum          	F_As	Pleosporales Phaeosphaeriaceae
phaetric	Oomycete	Phaeodactylum tricornutum      	O_St	Naviculales Phaeodactylaceae
phalcarb	Tetrapod	Phalacrocorax carbo            	M_Av	Pelecaniformes Phalacrocoracidae
phancarn	Sordari1	Phanerochaete carnosa          	F_Ba	Polyporales Phanerochaetaceae
phanchry	Sordari1	Phanerochaete chrysosporium    	F_Ba	Polyporales Phanerochaetaceae
phasvulg	Angiosp 	Phaseolus vulgaris             	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
phlebrev	Dothide1	Phlebia brevispora             	F_Ba	Corticiales Corticiaceae
phlegiga	Sordari1	Phlebiopsis gigantea           	F_Ba	Polyporales Phanerochaetaceae
phlepapa	phlepapa	Phlebotomus papatasi           	M_In	Diptera Psychodidae
phoedact	Angiosp 	Phoenix dactylifera            	P_Mo	Arecales Arecaceae
phomtrac	Dothide1	Phoma tracheiphila             	F_As	Pleosporales Didymellaceae
phycblak	Mucoral2	Phycomyces blakesleeanus       	F_Fu	Mucorales Phycomycetaceae
phylcitr	Dothide1	Phyllosticta citriasiana       	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Phyllostictaceae
phylhete	Angiosp 	Phyllostachys heterocycla      	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
physcato	Tetrapod	Physeter catodon               	M_Mm	Cetacea Physeteridae
physpate	MossWorts	Physcomitrella patens          	P_Fu	Funariales Funariaceae
physpoly	Dothide1	Physarum polycephalum          	F_My	Physariida Physaraceae
phytcaps	Oomycete	Phytophthora capsici           	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytcinn	Oomycete	Phytophthora cinnamomi         	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytinfe	Oomycete	Phytophthora infestans         	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytkern	Oomycete	Phytophthora kernoviae         	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytlate	Oomycete	Phytophthora lateralis         	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytpara	Oomycete	Phytophthora parasitica        	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytramo	Oomycete	Phytophthora ramorum           	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytsoja	Oomycete	Phytophthora sojae             	O_St	Peronosporales -
phytsp__	Archamoe	Phytomonas sp                  	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
pichmemb	pichmemb	Pichia membranifaciens         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
pichpast	Saccharo	Pichia pastoris                	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
pichstip	pichstip	Pichia stipitis                	F_As	Saccharomycetales Pichiaceae
picopube	Tetrapod	Picoides pubescens             	M_Av	Piciformes Picidae
piedhort	Leotiomy	Piedraia hortae                	F_As	Capnodiales Piedraiaceae
piezguil	InsectHe	Piezodorus guildinii           	M_In	Hemiptera Pentatomidae
pilocroc	Dothide1	Piloderma croceum              	F_Ba	Atheliales Atheliaceae
piriindi	Leotiomy	Piriformospora indica          	F_Ba	Sebacinales -
pirospec	Ichthyos	Piromyces species              	F_Ne	Neocallimastigales Neocallimastigaceae
pisomicr	Dothide1	Pisolithus microcarpus         	F_Ba	Boletales Pisolithaceae
pisotinc	Dothide1	Pisolithus tinctorius          	F_Ba	Boletales Pisolithaceae
plasberg	Aconoid1	Plasmodium berghei             	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasbras	Chroomon	Plasmodiophora brassicae       	O_Rh	- Plasmodiophoridae
plaschab	Aconoid1	Plasmodium chabaudi            	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plascyno	Aconoid2	Plasmodium cynomolgi           	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasfalc	Aconoid1	Plasmodium falciparum          	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasfrag	Aconoid2	Plasmodium fragile             	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasgall	Aconoid2	Plasmodium gallinaceum         	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasinui	Aconoid2	Plasmodium inui                	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasknow	Aconoid2	Plasmodium knowlesi            	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasreic	Aconoid1	Plasmodium reichenowi          	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasvinc	Aconoid1	Plasmodium vinckei             	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasviva	Aconoid2	Plasmodium vivax               	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
plasyoel	Aconoid1	Plasmodium yoelii              	O_Al	Haemosporida Plasmodiidae
pleosipa	Dothide1	Pleomassaria siparia           	F_As	Pleosporales Pleomassariaceae
pleuostr	Dothide1	Pleurotus ostreatus            	F_Ba	Agaricales Pleurotaceae
pliccris	Dothide1	Plicaturopsis crispa           	F_Ba	Agaricales -
plutxylo	ChordatC	Plutella xylostella            	M_In	Lepidoptera Plutellidae
pneujiro	pneujiro	Pneumocystis jirovecii         	F_As	Pneumocystidales Pneumocystidaceae
podoanse	Dothide1	Podospora anserina             	F_As	Sordariales Lasiosphaeriaceae
poecform	Fish_mdl	Poecilia formosa               	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Poeciliidae
poeclati	Fish_mdl	Poecilia latipinna             	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Poeciliidae
poecmexi	Fish_mdl	Poecilia mexicana              	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Poeciliidae
poecreti	Fish_mdl	Poecilia reticulata            	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Poeciliidae
pogobarb	Echinode	Pogonomyrmex barbatus          	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
policana	InsectAp	Polistes canadensis            	M_In	Hymenoptera Vespidae
polidomi	InsectAp	Polistes dominula              	M_In	Hymenoptera Vespidae
polyarcu	Sordari1	Polyporus arcularius           	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
polycitr	Dothide1	Polychaeton citri              	F_As	Capnodiales Capnodiaceae
polyfusc	Dothide1	Polyplosphaeria fusca          	F_As	Pleosporales Tetraplosphaeriaceae
polypall	Dictyost	Polysphondylium pallidum       	O_Am	Dictyosteliida -
pongabel	Tetrapod	Pongo abelii                   	M_Mm	Primates Hominidae
popueuph	Angiosp 	Populus euphratica             	P_Eu	Malpighiales Salicaceae
poputric	Angiosp 	Populus trichocarp             	P_Eu	Malpighiales Salicaceae
postplac	Sordari1	Postia placenta                	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
priacaud	priacaud	Priapulus caudatus             	M_Pr	- Priapulidae
priaserr	InsectCo	Priacma serrata                	M_In	Coleoptera Cupedidae
prisexsp	NematodE	Pristionchus exspectatus       	M_Ne	Diplogasterida Neodiplogasteridae
prispaci	NematodE	Pristionchus pacificus         	M_Ne	Diplogasterida Neodiplogasteridae
proccape	Tetrapod	Procavia capensis              	M_Mm	Hyracoidea Procaviidae
propcoqu	Tetrapod	Propithecus coquereli          	M_Mm	Primates Indriidae
protinou	protinou	Protomyces inouyei             	F_As	Taphrinales Protomycetaceae
protmucr	Tetrapod	Protobothrops mucrosquamatus   	M_Rp	Squamata Viperidae
protxeno	NematodB	Protopolystoma xenopodis       	M_Pl	Polyopisthocotylea Polystomatidae
prunmume	Angiosp 	Prunus mume                    	P_Eu	Rosales Rosaceae
prunpers	Angiosp 	Prunus persica                 	P_Eu	Rosales Rosaceae
pseuanta	pseuanta	Pseudozyma antarctica          	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
pseuelat	Dothide1	Pseudographis elatina          	F_As	Triblidiales Triblidiaceae
pseuhube	pseuhube	Pseudozyma hubeiensis          	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
pseuhumi	Tetrapod	Pseudopodoces humilis          	M_Av	Passeriformes Paridae
pseuhype	Dothide1	Pseudovirgaria hyperparasitica 	F_As	Capnodiales -
pseumult	pseumult	Pseudo-nitzschia multiseries   	O_St	Bacillariales Bacillariaceae
pteralec	Tetrapod	Pteropus alecto                	M_Mm	Chiroptera Pteropodidae
ptergutt	Tetrapod	Pterocles gutturalis           	M_Av	Ciconiiformes Pteroclidae
ptervamp	Tetrapod	Pteropus vampyrus              	M_Mm	Chiroptera Pteropodidae
puccgram	Puccinia	Puccinia graminis              	F_Ba	Pucciniales Pucciniaceae
puccstri	Puccinia	Puccinia striiformis           	F_Ba	Pucciniales Pucciniaceae
pucctrit	Puccinia	Puccinia triticina             	F_Ba	Pucciniales Pucciniaceae
puncstri	Sordari1	Punctularia strigosozonata     	F_Ba	Corticiales Punctulariaceae
pundnyer	Fish_mdl	Pundamilia nyererei            	M_Fs	Cichliformes Cichlidae
pycncinn	Sordari1	Pycnoporus cinnabarinus        	F_Ba	Plagiorchiida Lecithodendriidae
pycncocc	Sordari1	Pycnoporus coccineus           	F_Ba	Plagiorchiida Lecithodendriidae
pycnsang	Sordari1	Pycnoporus sanguineus          	F_Ba	Plagiorchiida Lecithodendriidae
pygoadel	Tetrapod	Pygoscelis adeliae             	M_Av	Sphenisciformes Spheniscidae
pyrespec	Dothide1	Pyrenochaeta spec              	F_As	Pleosporales Cucurbitariaceae
pyretere	Dothide1	Pyrenophora teres              	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
pyretrit	Dothide1	Pyrenophora tritici            	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
pyroconf	Dothide1	Pyronema confluens             	F_As	Pezizales Pyronemataceae
pyrubret	Angiosp 	Pyrus bretschneideri           	P_Eu	Rosales Rosaceae
pythapha	Oomycete	Pythium aphanidermatum         	O_St	Pythiales Pythiaceae
pytharrh	Oomycete	Pythium arrhenomanes           	O_St	Pythiales Pythiaceae
pythbivi	Tetrapod	Python bivittatus              	M_Rp	Squamata Pythonidae
pythirre	Oomycete	Pythium irregulare             	O_St	Pythiales Pythiaceae
pythiway	Oomycete	Pythium iwayamai               	O_St	Pythiales Pythiaceae
pythulti	Oomycete	Pythium ultimum                	O_St	Pythiales Pythiaceae
pythvexa	Oomycete	Pythium vexans                 	O_St	Pythiales Pythiaceae
ramarube	Dothide1	Ramaria rubella                	F_Ba	Gomphales Gomphaceae
ramavari	ramavari	Ramazzottius varieornatus      	M_Ar	Parachela Hypsibiidae
ramibrev	ramibrev	Ramicandelaber brevisporus     	F_Fu	Kickxellales Kickxellaceae
rattnorv	Tetrapod	Rattus norvegicus              	M_Mm	Rodentia Muridae
retifilo	retifilo	Reticulomyxa filosa            	O_Rh	- Reticulomyxidae
rhabkr30	rhabkr30	Rhabditophanes kr3021          	M_Ne	Rhabditida Alloionematidae
rhinroxe	Tetrapod	Rhinopithecus roxellana        	M_Mm	Primates Cercopithecidae
rhizeric	Dothide1	Rhizoscyphus ericae            	F_As	Helotiales Helotiaceae
rhizirre	rhizirre	Rhizophagus irregularis        	F_Gl	Glomerales Glomeraceae
rhizmicr	Mucoral2	Rhizopus microsporus           	F_Fu	Mucorales Rhizopodaceae
rhizoryz	Mucoral2	Rhizopus oryzae                	F_Fu	Mucorales Rhizopodaceae
rhizsale	Dothide1	Rhizopogon salebrosus          	F_Ba	Boletales Rhizopogonaceae
rhizsola	Dothide1	Rhizoctonia solani             	F_Ba	Cantharellales Ceratobasidiaceae
rhizvini	Dothide1	Rhizopus microsporus           	F_Fu	Mucorales Rhizopodaceae
rhodgram	rhodgram	Rhodotorula graminis           	F_Ba	- -
rhodminu	Sordari1	Rhodotorula minuta             	F_Ba	- -
rhodprol	InsectAc	Rhodnius prolixus              	M_In	Hemiptera Reduviidae
rhodsp._	rhodgram	Rhodotorula sp.                	F_Ba	- -
rhodspec	rhodspec	Rhodotorula spec               	F_Ba	- -
rhodtoru	rhodtoru	Rhodosporidium toruloides      	F_Ba	Sporidiobolales Sporidiobolaceae
rhytrufu	Dothide1	Rhytidhysteron rufulum         	F_As	Hysteriales Hysteriaceae
ricicomm	Angiosp 	Ricinus communis               	P_Eu	Phthiraptera Ricinidae
rickmell	Sordari1	Rickenella mellea              	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
romaculi	romaculi	Romanomermis culicivorax       	M_Ne	Mermithida Mermithidae
rousaegy	Tetrapod	Rousettus aegyptiacus          	M_Mm	Chiroptera Pteropodidae
rozeallo	rozeallo	Rozella allomycis              	F_Cr	- -
saccbaya	Saccharo	Saccharomyces bayanus          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
sacccast	Saccharo	Saccharomyces castellii        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
sacccere	Saccharo	Saccharomyces cerevisiae       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
sacckluy	Saccharo	Saccharomyces kluyveri         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
sacckowa	InsectBm	Saccoglossus kowalevskii       	M_He	- Harrimaniidae
sacckudr	Saccharo	Saccharomyces kudriavzevii     	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
saccmika	Saccharo	Saccharomyces mikatae          	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
saccpara	Saccharo	Saccharomyces paradoxus        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
saccpast	Saccharo	Saccharomyces pastorianus      	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
saccprot	Dothide1	Saccharata proteae             	F_As	Botryosphaeriales Saccharataceae
saimboli	Tetrapod	Saimiri boliviensis            	M_Mm	Primates Cebidae
saitcomp	Agarico1	Saitoella complicata           	F_As	- -
salipurp	Angiosp 	Salix purpurea                 	P_Eu	Malpighiales Salicaceae
salmsala	Fish_mdl	Salmo salar                    	M_Fs	Salmoniformes Salmonidae
salprose	salprose	Salpingoeca rosetta            	O_Op	Choanoflagellida Salpingoecidae
salvmilt	Angiosp 	Salvia milt                    	P_Eu	Lamiales Lamiaceae
saprdicl	Saproleg	Saprolegnia diclina            	O_St	Saprolegniales Saprolegniaceae
saprpara	Saproleg	Saprolegnia parasitica         	O_St	Saprolegniales Saprolegniaceae
sarcharr	Tetrapod	Sarcophilus harrisii           	M_Mm	Dasyuromorphia Dasyuridae
sarcneur	sarcneur	Sarcocystis neurona3           	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Sarcocystidae
sarcscab	ArthroDu	Sarcoptes scabiei              	M_Ar	Astigmata Sarcoptidae
sarrpurp	Angiosp 	Sarracenia purpurea            	P_Eu	Ericales Sarraceniaceae
schiaggr	schiaggr	Schizochytrium aggregatum      	O_St	- Thraustochytriaceae
schicom3	Agarico1	Schizophyllum com3             	F_Ba	Agaricales Schizophyllaceae
schicoml	Agarico1	Schizophyllum comL             	F_Ba	Agaricales Schizophyllaceae
schicomm	Sordari1	Schizophyllum commune          	F_Ba	Agaricales Schizophyllaceae
schicomt	Agarico1	Schizophyllum comT             	F_Ba	Agaricales Schizophyllaceae
schicryo	Schizosa	Schizosaccharomyces cryophilus 	F_As	Schizosaccharomycetales Schizosaccharomycetaceae
schicura	Schisto 	Schistosoma curassoni          	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schihaem	Schisto 	Schistosoma haematobium        	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schijapa	Schisto 	Schistosoma japonicum          	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schijapo	Schizosa	Schizosaccharomyces japonicus  	F_As	Schizosaccharomycetales Schizosaccharomycetaceae
schimans	Schisto 	Schistosoma mansoni            	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schimarg	Schisto 	Schistosoma margrebowiei       	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schimatt	Schisto 	Schistosoma mattheei           	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schiocto	Schizosa	Schizosaccharomyces octosporus 	F_As	Schizosaccharomycetales Schizosaccharomycetaceae
schipara	Dothide1	Schizopora paradoxa            	F_Ba	Corticiales Corticiaceae
schipomb	Schizosa	Schizosaccharomyces pombe      	F_As	Schizosaccharomycetales Schizosaccharomycetaceae
schirodh	Schisto 	Schistosoma rodhaini           	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
schisoli	NematodF	Schistocephalus solidus        	M_Pl	Diphyllobothriidea Diphyllobothriidae
schmmedi	schmmedi	Schmidtea mediterranea         	M_Pl	Tricladida Dugesiidae
sclecitr	Dothide1	Scleroderma citrinum           	F_Ba	Boletales Sclerodermataceae
sclescle	Dothide1	Sclerotinia sclerotiorum       	F_As	Helotiales Sclerotiniaceae
sebaverm	Dothide1	Sebacina vermifera             	F_Ba	Sebacinales Sebacinaceae
selamoel	selamoel	Selaginella moellendorffii     	P_St	Selaginellales Selaginellaceae
septmusi	Dothide1	Septoria musiva                	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
septpopu	Dothide1	Septoria populicola            	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
sericana	Tetrapod	Serinus canaria                	M_Av	Passeriformes Fringillidae
serplacr	Dothide1	Serpula lacrymans              	F_Ba	Sabellida Serpulidae
sesaindi	Angiosp 	Sesamum indicum                	P_Eu	Lamiales Pedaliaceae
setaital	Angiosp 	Setaria italica                	P_Mo	Spirurida Setariidae
setaviri	Angiosp 	Setaria viridis                	P_Mo	Spirurida Setariidae
setoturc	Dothide1	Setosphaeria turcica           	F_As	Pleosporales Pleosporaceae
sistbrin	Dothide1	Sistotrema brinkmannii         	F_Ba	Corticiales Corticiaceae
sistnive	Dothide1	Sistotremastrum niveocremeu    	F_Ba	Trechisporales Hydnodontaceae
sistsuec	Dothide1	Sistotremastrum suecicum       	F_Ba	Trechisporales Hydnodontaceae
sobobatu	NematodW	Soboliphyme baturini           	M_Ne	- Soboliphymatidae
sodialka	Sordari3	Sodiomyces alkalinus           	F_As	Glomerellales Plectosphaerellaceae
solalyco	Angiosp 	Solanum lycopersicum           	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
solapenn	Angiosp 	Solanum pennellii              	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
solatube	Angiosp 	Solanum tuberosum              	P_Eu	Solanales Solanaceae
soleinvi	Echinode	Solenopsis invicta             	M_In	Asterales Campanulaceae
sorearan	Tetrapod	Sorex araneus                  	M_Mm	Insectivora Soricidae
sorgbico	Angiosp 	Sorghum bicolor                	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
spatflav	Dothide1	Spathularia flavida            	F_As	Rhytismatales Cudoniaceae
spatpass	spatpass	Spathaspora passalidarum       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Debaryomycetaceae
sphaarct	sphaarct	Sphaeroforma arctica           	O_Op	Ichthyophonida -
sphastel	Dothide1	Sphaerobolus stellatus         	F_Ba	Geastrales Sphaerobolaceae
spirerin	NematodF	Spirometra erinaceieuropaei    	M_Pl	Diphyllobothriidea Diphyllobothriidae
spirpoly	Angiosp 	Spirodela polyrhiza            	P_Mo	Alismatales Araceae
spirsalm	Archamoe	Spironucleus salmonicida       	O_Fo	- Hexamitidae
spizpunc	FungiAll	Spizellomyces punctatus        	F_Ch	Spizellomycetales Spizellomycetaceae
spodfrug	InsectGn	Spodoptera frugiperda          	M_In	Lepidoptera Noctuidae
sporfime	Dothide1	Sporormia fimetaria            	F_As	Pleosporales Sporormiaceae
sporlind	sporlind	Sporobolomyces linderae        	F_Ba	- -
sporreil	sporreil	Sporisorium reilianum          	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
sporrose	sporrose	Sporobolomyces roseus          	F_Ba	- -
sporther	Sordari1	Sporotrichum thermophile       	F_Ba	- -
stagnodo	Dothide1	Stagonospora nodorum           	F_As	Pleosporales Massarinaceae
stagspec	Dothide1	Stagonospora spec              	F_As	Pleosporales Massarinaceae
stangris	Dothide1	Stanjemonium grisellum         	F_As	- -
stegmimo	stegmimo	Stegodyphus mimosarum          	M_Ar	Araneae Eresidae
stegpart	Fish_mdl	Stegastes partitus             	M_Fs	- Pomacentridae
steicarp	NematodE	Steinernema carpocapsae        	M_Ne	Rhabditida Steinernematidae
steifelt	NematodE	Steinernema feltiae            	M_Ne	Rhabditida Steinernematidae
steiglas	NematodE	Steinernema glaseri            	M_Ne	Rhabditida Steinernematidae
steimont	NematodE	Steinernema monticolum         	M_Ne	Rhabditida Steinernematidae
steiscap	NematodE	Steinernema scapterisci        	M_Ne	Rhabditida Steinernematidae
sterhirs	Dothide1	Stereum hirsutum               	F_Ba	Russulales Stereaceae
stomcalc	stomcalc	Stomoxys calcitrans            	M_In	Diptera Muscidae
striculi	Archamoe	Strigomonas culicis            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
strimari	InsectCl	Strigamia maritima             	M_In	Geophilomorpha Linotaeniidae
stropapi	NematodS	Strongyloides papillosus       	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongyloididae
stropurp	ChordatC	Strongylocentrotus purpuratus  	M_Ec	Echinoida Strongylocentrotidae
stroratt	NematodS	Strongyloides ratti            	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongyloididae
stroster	NematodS	Strongyloides stercoralis      	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongyloididae
strovene	NematodS	Strongyloides venezuelensis    	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongyloididae
strovulg	NematodN	Strongylus vulgaris            	M_Ne	Rhabditida Strongylidae
strucame	Tetrapod	Struthio camelus               	M_Av	Struthioniformes Struthionidae
sturvulg	Tetrapod	Sturnus vulgaris               	M_Av	Passeriformes Sturnidae
styllemn	Sporadot	Stylonychia lemnae             	O_Al	Sporadotrichida Oxytrichidae
suilbrev	Dothide1	Suillus brevipes               	F_Ba	Boletales Suillaceae
suillute	Dothide1	Suillus luteus                 	F_Ba	Boletales Suillaceae
sus_scro	Tetrapod	Sus scrofa                     	M_Mm	- Suidae
symbkoch	Dothide1	Symbiotaphrina kochii          	F_As	Xylonomycetales -
syphmuri	NematodO	Syphacia muris                 	M_Ne	Oxyurida Oxyuridae
taenasia	NematodB	Taenia asiatica                	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
taengutt	Tetrapod	Taeniopygia guttata            	M_Av	Passeriformes Estrildidae
taensoli	NematodB	Taenia solium                  	M_Pl	Cyclophyllidea Taeniidae
takirubr	Fish_sht	Takifugu rubripes              	M_Fs	Tetraodontiformes Tetraodontidae
talaacul	Dothide1	Talaromyces aculeatus          	F_As	Eurotiales Trichocomaceae
talamarn	Dothide1	Talaromyces marneffei          	F_As	Eurotiales Trichocomaceae
talastip	Dothide1	Talaromyces stipitatus         	F_As	Eurotiales Trichocomaceae
taphdefo	Leotiomy	Taphrina deformans             	F_As	Taphrinales Taphrinaceae
tarehass	Angiosp 	Tarenaya hassleriana           	P_Eu	Brassicales Cleomaceae
tarssyri	Tetrapod	Tarsius syrichta               	M_Mm	Primates Tarsiidae
taureryt	Tetrapod	Tauraco erythrolophus          	M_Av	Musophagiformes Musophagidae
telacirc	NematodN	Teladorsagia circumcincta      	M_Ne	Rhabditida Trichostrongylidae
teranubi	Dothide1	Teratosphaeria nubilosa        	F_As	Capnodiales Teratosphaeriaceae
terfboud	Dothide1	Terfezia boudieri              	F_As	Pezizales Pezizaceae
testcype	testcype	Testicularia cyperi            	F_Ba	 
tetrnigr	Fish_sht	Tetraodon nigroviridis         	M_Fs	Tetraodontiformes Tetraodontidae
tetrphaf	Saccharo	Tetrapisispora phaffii         	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
tetrther	tetrther	Tetrahymena thermophila        	O_Al	Hymenostomatida Tetrahymenidae
tetrurti	tetrurti	Tetranychus urticae            	M_Ar	- Tetranychidae
thalocea	Oomycete	Thalassiosira oceanica         	O_St	Thalassiosirales Thalassiosiraceae
thalpseu	Oomycete	Thalassiosira pseudonana       	O_St	Thalassiosirales Thalassiosiraceae
thamsirt	Tetrapod	Thamnophis sirtalis            	M_Rp	Squamata Colubridae
thectrah	thectrah	Thecamonas trahens             	O_Ap	- Apusomonadidae
theiannu	Theiler1	Theileria annulata             	O_Al	- Theileriidae
theiequi	Babesia 	Theileria equi                 	O_Al	- Theileriidae
theiorie	Theiler1	Theileria orientalis           	O_Al	- Theileriidae
theiparv	Theiler1	Theileria parva                	O_Al	- Theileriidae
thelcall	NematodO	Thelazia callipaeda            	M_Ne	Spirurida Thelaziidae
thelhalo	Angiosp 	Thellungiella halophila        	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
thelkita	thelkita	Thelohanellus kitauei          	M_Cn	Bivalvulida Myxobolidae
thelmicr	Dothide1	Thelebolus microsporus         	F_As	Thelebolales Thelebolaceae
thelparv	Angiosp 	Thellungiella parvula          	P_Eu	Brassicales Brassicaceae
thelster	Dothide1	Thelebolus stercoreus          	F_As	Thelebolales Thelebolaceae
theocaca	Angiosp 	Theobroma cacao                	P_Eu	Malvales Malvaceae
theraura	Dothide1	Thermoascus aurantiacus        	F_As	Eurotiales Thermoascaceae
thieanta	Sordari1	Thielavia antarctica           	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
thieappe	Dothide1	Thielavia appendiculata        	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
thiearen	Dothide1	Thielavia arenaria             	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
thiehyrc	Dothide1	Thielavia hyrcaniae            	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
thieterr	Sordari1	Thielavia terrestris           	F_As	Sordariales Chaetomiaceae
thozspec	Dothide1	Thozetella spec                	F_As	Chaetosphaeriales Chaetosphaeriaceae
tillanom	tillanom	Tilletiaria anomala            	F_Ba	Georgefischeriales Tilletiariaceae
tillwash	tillwash	Tilletiopsis washingtonensis   	F_Ba	Entylomatales -
timecris	InsectGn	Timema cristinae               	M_In	Phasmatodea -
tinagutt	Tetrapod	Tinamus guttatus               	M_Av	Tinamiformes Tinamidae
torudelb	Saccharo	Torulaspora delbrueckii        	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
tothfusc	Dothide1	Tothia fuscella                	F_As	Venturiales Venturiaceae
toxocani	NematodA	Toxocara canis                 	M_Ne	Ascaridida Toxocaridae
toxogond	Conoida1	Toxoplasma gondii              	O_Al	Eucoccidiorida Sarcocystidae
tramljub	Sordari1	Trametes ljubarskyi            	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
tramvers	Sordari1	Trametes versicolor            	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
tremmese	tremmese	Tremella mesenterica           	F_Ba	Tremellales Tremellaceae
trempert	Dothide1	Trematosphaeria pertusa        	F_As	Pleosporales Trematosphaeriaceae
tremspec	FungiAll	Tremella species               	F_Ba	Tremellales Tremellaceae
tribcast	tribcast	Tribolium castaneum            	M_In	Poales Poaceae
tricabie	Dothide1	Trichaptum abietinum           	F_Ba	Polyporales Polyporaceae
tricadha	tricadha	Trichoplax adhaerens           	M_Pl	- -
tricaspe	Dothide1	Trichoderma asperellum         	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
tricatro	Dothide1	Trichoderma atroviride         	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
tricbisp	tricbisp	Trichodelitschia bisporula     	F_As	Phaeotrichales Phaeotrichaceae
tricchia	tricchia	Trichosporon chiarellii        	F_Ba	Trichosporonales Trichosporonaceae
triccitr	Dothide1	Trichoderma citrinoviride      	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
tricequi	Dothide1	Trichophyton equinum           	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
tricharz	Dothide1	Trichoderma harzianum          	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
triclong	Dothide1	Trichoderma longibrachiatum    	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
tricmana	Tetrapod	Trichechus manatus             	M_Mm	Sirenia Trichechidae
tricmats	Dothide1	Tricholoma matsutake           	F_Ba	Agaricales Tricholomataceae
tricmuri	NematodW	Trichuris muris                	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichuridae
tricnati	NematodT	Trichinella nativa             	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
tricolea	tricolea	Trichosporon oleaginosus       	F_Ba	Trichosporonales Trichosporonaceae
tricpeta	Trichomo	Trichomonascus petasosporus    	F_As	Saccharomycetales Trichomonascaceae
tricpret	InsectAg	Trichogramma pretiosum         	M_In	Hymenoptera Trichogrammatidae
tricrees	Dothide1	Trichoderma reesei             	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
tricrege	Schisto 	Trichobilharzia regenti        	M_Pl	Strigeidida Schistosomatidae
tricrubr	Dothide1	Trichophyton rubrum            	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
tricspir	NematodT	Trichinella spiralis           	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichinellidae
tricsuis	NematodW	Trichuris suis                 	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichuridae
trictons	Dothide1	Trichophyton tonsurans         	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
trictric	NematodW	Trichuris trichiura            	M_Ne	Trichocephalida Trichuridae
tricvagi	ProtisGn	Trichomonas vaginalis          	O_Pa	Trichomonadida Trichomonadidae
tricverr	Dothide1	Trichophyton verrucosum        	F_As	Onygenales Arthrodermataceae
tricvire	Dothide1	Trichoderma virens             	F_As	Hypocreales Hypocreaceae
trifprat	Angiosp 	Trifolium pratense             	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
tringuia	Dothide1	Trinosporium guianense         	F_As	Xylonomycetales Xylonomycetaceae
tritaesa	Angiosp 	Triticum aestivum              	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
tritaesb	Angiosp 	Triticum aestivum              	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
tritaesd	Angiosp 	Triticum aestivum              	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
tritaest	Angiosp 	Triticum aestivum              	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
tritspec	tritspec	Tritirachium species           	F_Ba	Tritirachiales Tritirachiaceae
trypbruc	Archamoe	Trypanosoma brucei             	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
trypcong	Archamoe	Trypanosoma congolense         	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
trypcruz	Archamoe	Trypanosoma cruzi              	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
trypelut	Dothide1	Trypethelium eluteriae         	F_As	Trypetheliales Trypetheliaceae
trypevan	Archamoe	Trypanosoma evansi             	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
trypgray	Archamoe	Trypanosoma grayi              	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
tryprang	Archamoe	Trypanosoma rangeli            	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
trypviva	Archamoe	Trypanosoma vivax              	O_Eu	Kinetoplastida Trypanosomatidae
tubemela	Dothide1	Tuber melanosporum             	F_As	Pezizales Tuberaceae
tulacalo	Dothide1	Tulasnella calospora           	F_Ba	Cantharellales Tulasnellaceae
tupabela	Tetrapod	Tupaia belangeri               	M_Mm	Scandentia Tupaiidae
tupachin	Tetrapod	Tupaia chinensis               	M_Mm	Scandentia Tupaiidae
turstrun	Tetrapod	Tursiops truncatus             	M_Mm	Cetacea Delphinidae
tytoalba	Tetrapod	Tyto alba                      	M_Av	Strigiformes Tytonidae
umberama	Mucoral1	Umbelopsis ramanniana          	F_Fu	Mucorales Umbelopsidaceae
uncirees	Dothide1	Uncinocarpus reesii            	F_As	Onygenales Onygenaceae
ursumari	Tetrapod	Ursus maritimus                	M_Mm	Carnivora Ursidae
ustimayd	ustimayd	Ustilago maydis                	F_Ba	Ustilaginales Ustilaginaceae
ustispec	ustispec	Ustilaginomycotina spec        	F_Ba	Fungi Fungi
valelaxa	Dothide1	Valetoniellopsis laxa          	F_As	Hypocreales Niessliaceae
ventinae	Dothide1	Venturia inaequalis            	F_Eu	Hymenoptera Ichneumonidae
verrenal	Dothide1	Verruculina enalia             	F_As	 
vertalbo	Dothide1	Verticillium alboatrum         	F_As	Glomerellales Plectosphaerellaceae
vertalfa	Dothide1	Verticillium alfalfae          	F_As	Glomerellales Plectosphaerellaceae
vertdahl	Dothide1	Verticillium dahliae           	F_As	Glomerellales Plectosphaerellaceae
vicupaco	Tetrapod	Vicugna pacos                  	M_Mm	- Camelidae
vignradi	Angiosp 	Vigna radiata                  	P_Eu	Fabales Fabaceae
vitivini	Angiosp 	Vitis vinifera                 	P_Eu	Vitales Vitaceae
vitrbras	vitrbras	Vitrella brassicaformis        	O_Al	- -
vollemer	Echinode	Vollenhovia emeryi             	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
volvcart	volvcart	Volvox carteri                 	P_Ch	Chlamydomonadales Volvocaceae
volvvolv	Dothide1	Volvariella volvacea           	F_Ba	Agaricales Pluteaceae
wallicht	wallicht	Wallemia ichthyophaga          	F_Ba	Wallemiales -
wallsebi	wallsebi	Wallemia sebi                  	F_Ba	Wallemiales -
wasmauro	Echinode	Wasmannia auropunctata         	M_In	Hymenoptera Formicidae
westorna	Dothide1	Westerdykella ornata           	F_As	Pleosporales Sporormiaceae
wickanom	Sacchar1	Wickerhamomyces anomalus       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Phaffomycetaceae
wilcmiko	Dothide1	Wilcoxina mikolae              	F_As	Pezizales Pyronemataceae
wolfcoco	Sordari1	Wolfiporia cocos               	F_Ba	Polyporales Coriolaceae
wuchbanc	NematodO	Wuchereria bancrofti           	M_Ne	Spirurida Onchocercidae
xantpari	Dothide1	Xanthoria parietina            	F_As	Teloschistales Teloschistaceae
xenotrop	ChordatU	Xenopus tropicalis             	M_Am	Anura Pipidae
xiphmacu	Fish_mdl	Xiphophorus maculatus          	M_Fs	Cyprinodontiformes Poeciliidae
xyloheve	Dothide1	Xylona heveae                  	F_As	Xylonomycetales Xylonomycetaceae
yarrlipo	Saccharo	Yarrowia lipolytica            	F_As	Saccharomycetales Dipodascaceae
zasmcell	Dothide1	Zasmidium cellare              	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
zea_mays	Angiosp 	Zea mays                       	P_Mo	Poales Poaceae
zizijuju	Angiosp 	Ziziphus jujuba                	P_Eu	Rosales Rhamnaceae
zonoalbi	Tetrapod	Zonotrichia albicollis         	M_Av	Passeriformes Passerellidae
zootneva	Mollusca	Zootermopsis nevadensis        	M_In	Isoptera Termopsidae
zopfrhiz	Dothide1	Zopfia rhizophila              	F_As	- Zopfiaceae
zostmari	Angiosp 	Zostera marina                 	P_Mo	Alismatales Zosteraceae
zygoroux	Saccharo	Zygosaccharomyces rouxii       	F_As	Saccharomycetales Saccharomycetaceae
zymoarda	Dothide1	Zymoseptoria ardabiliae        	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
zymopseu	Dothide1	Zymoseptoria pseudotritici     	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
zymotrit	Dothide2	Zymoseptoria tritici           	F_As	Capnodiales Mycosphaerellaceae
